The reconnoisaance of tlie pickets, made from
the centre ot the Army of the Potomac within the
past few days, has established the fact that the
pickets of the rebels have been withdrawn two or
three miles back from their former position. The
inference was that the rebel army was going into
Winter quarters.
The C-oart of Inquiry, in the case of Colonel
Miles, charged with being intoxicated at the battle
of Bull run. has honorably acquitted him of the
Charge. The decision is furnished in a report of
Beverdy Johnson and R. 9. Gillctt, in which they
declare that the bulk of the evidence produced on I
the trial goee to show that the charges are entirely
(Use. ft appears that another'officer, who was '
mistaken for Colonel Miles, was open to the charge
Of bouig intoaieated on that day, but as no accusa- |
ftion has been brought against him. his name is i
withheld. It is time that justice should be done to j
Colonel Mites, after the protracted and efter. postponed
investigation to which his case has been
objected. |
*
The expedition of Qcncral Burnside, which is
boat to sail from Annapolis, is said to be ready to
tart at two hours' notice. It was learned from
some contrabands taken in small canoes oQ' Back
river, in the Chesapeake Bay yesterday, that the
Inhabitants of Yorktown are in a state of great trepidation,
fearing that the destination of General j
Bwoaide's expedition is the York riv^r and that a
grand attack is to be made on Yorktown. It is
aid that General Magruder telegraphed to Richmond
for permission to destroy Yorktown by fire,
and that he was directed not to do so except in
com of the greatest emergency. Meantime, the
rebels are fortifying both sides of York river.
Rumors were circulated yesterday in Louisville
Of a general engagement in Southern Kentucky,
the particulars of which have not been stated in
ny quarter on reliable authority. A despatch to
the Cincinnati Commercial from Indianapolis repeats
the report of a fight in Kentucky, but at i
what point is not stated. Gen.Buell.it is stated
on the same authority, had ordered a regiment of
fnsileers and a regiment of light artillery to Green :
river. The rebel cavalry of Gen. Buckner were said
to be within a short distance of the Union piokets,
near Green River bridge, and an attack by him
upon Colonel McCook, with the expectation of
4e?troy:ng the bridge, wns considered probable.
In antioipation of nnch an event, all the Union
regular troops were thrown ano-k the bridge on
Mouday morning.m Of the b tttle which has been
reported to liave occurt' a I'sdurah, the particulars
whereof were said to have been auppressed
by telegraph, wc have no authentic information.
In fact, all the intelligence from Kenturty needs
Confirmation so far.
Since the advance of Gen. Pope's army in Mis
aouri, everything is said to he quiet. The rebels
re making no demonstration. It was rumored that
the people of Arkansas refused to allow the rebel
Oeneral Price to enter that State with hia army,
except those regularly minted. It was said by a
fugitive who was captured and taken to Spring
Seld by the rebels, and made hie escape from
them, that Price had taken possession of all the
houses ia that city for the use of his soldiers, turning
all the women and children into the streets. ,
that he had unloaded his wsgons and was preparing
for a long stay.
The Toronto leader, of the 27th December, on
the faith of a statement made by the Halifax,
Nova Scotia, Erpre#*, of the 1,1th ultimo, repeats
the rumor to which we hare before alluded, that
John C. Rreckinridge, and Mr. Hunter, of Virtook
passage on that day on hoard the
tlsnads, from Halifax, to represent the rebel con
fsfcsrncy in place of Mason and Slidell.
By \he Asia at Halirax~on her way to New
York - aM the Ktna at this port yesterday, we have
newe from v?irope t<> 334 0f December, 1861,
even days lafc>
England continu. \ h,,r preparations for war un
fler the pressure of e**ry intense and gencrsl excitement.
stimulated as promoted by the daily
efliuioas of the mui'sterini v?] sristocratic press.
Troops were still musteriog ft* ln Caoadt)
although as the Hmim.d i .poru ,how to4ay_
the Australasian. Persia. Adriatic P? --
, "w.magara |
Mid other veawda bad already been Pitched '
filled with the moat efficient regiments in lu. nrit. 1
bh serviee, to North America. All the avai'.ode 1
vessels in the British Mediterranean fleet had beet
ordered to assemble ?* Gibraltar to proceed, aa
waa supposed, to the same destination.
Presideut I.incolu's Message to Congress Lad
bean received in Kngland, and elicited a vast
^onoofik of attention. It is qnite evident, however,
e
NE1
that the newspapers are disappointed at th? faot
of hiu. not alluding to tlie seizure of the Trout, and
Interpret his silence on the subject unfavorably to
the maintuuauce of peace. Indeed, it appears as
if the comim. aceuient of a war with the United
States was accepted n? a foregone conclusion in
Great Oritaia, and that her Cabinet will be likely
to and i lake hostilities?for some rea* u or other?
either in the difficulty of the Trent or some other
mailer. Passengers at Halifax yesterday, from
England, state that even the surrender of Ma.->oa
and Slidell will not satisfy her. and that she will
probably object to the sinking of the stone flee*
at Charleston, in order to induce an excuse for an
attemnt to "rectify her American frontier" and
other matters aot very agreeable in prospect to
our people.
The London press correspondents in Paris generally
say the belief that hostilities between England
and Amerisa will not bo arrested, had become more
general in Prance. The position which France
would be likely to assume, under such circumstances,
created very great uneasiness in the minds of
the English war party; and with good reason, for
the Opinion Nationale?the organ of Prince Napoleon?openly
asserts that "England is the only
enemy of France," while the Revues des Deux
Mo tides and other French journals, show, in articles
of great force and spirit, that the dearest
"revolutionary traditions of France" are with the
United States, and that she cannot be so foolish
as to go to war with as in behalf of the only
Power on earth which has reason to "fear" our
maritime extension. The Revue adds that England
only wants to "couquer bread" for her manufacturing
classes.
The Italian press is adverse to England's assumption
of supremacy on the ocean, and while
it condemns the action of Captain Wilkes, it inclines
to a continental adhesion to whatever course
France would take in case of war.
i The London Post of the 17th ultimo says that
intelligence reached Kingstown on Saturday
I morning, by the mail steamer, that a large war
steamer, with double funnels, having a gunboat
tender alongside, was seeu last night and early this
morning tying off Holyhead. The steamer is the
Caractacus, of 800 tons burden. She belongs to
the North American government, and has been employed
in the Alexandrian trade. She is stated to
have been driven into Holyhead harbor by stress of
weather on Friday. She Bcs inside the great
breakwater, and it is stated that her officers for
sometime refused te let a pilot or any official on
board, no colors being meantime exhibited. A
rumor meantime gained considerable circulation
that she was laden with ammunition. She waa
still lying in Holyhead harbor on Sunday at 3 P. Mwhen
tbe mail steamer left, the Stars and Stripes
flying at her msstbead.
The f.ondon Times of the 17th of December reports
that the Americans in London belonging to
the Confederate States manifested satisfaction at
the intelligence to-day of the proceedings in Congress,
on the assumption that all prospect of a surrender
of Messrs. Mason and Slidell, except under
compulsion, has thus been terminated.
On the other hand the federalists assort that the
action of the House of Representatives, unsupported
by a corresponding vote of the Senate or by any
iloclnrfltimi tliA Prn*iJi?rit nr Hia f'nliinpf poIIpp.
! lively, is but of secondary importance, and merely
furnishes another illustration of the subserviency of
that body to the populace. Those who take this view
[ consider that the avoidance of the subject in the
i Presidential Message is a far stronger symptomfor
good than the other is for evil. They deem that
the President and his advisers had resolved to
wait to hear of the manner in which the affair had
been met ia England and throughout Europe, and
that, having thus paused, they will not be likely
when the a counts reach them to act with sudden
recklessness.
The American shipping at Havre were, it is
said, in a state of panic, owing to the presence of
the Nashville at Southampton. Tiie Journal du
Tfavrv states that several of the largest American
vessels in that harbor have purchased rifle J ordnance
and ammunition, so as to be aide to repel
an attack.
MISCELLANEOUS NEWS.
Our K tr..(ie?a news is dated to the 22d of De'
ember?seven days later.
The Uvcrpoo! cotton market was rather d'tF on
i the 21 at aril i mo. The stock of American on hand
, amounted to ?'10,r><H) bales. Breadstnffs were dull
I ami slightly lower in Liverpool. Consols closed it>
' I ondoti on the 2lst ultimo at 90?, a 90% for
| money.
Olfr full r'-port of the dying moments of Prince
AU??*r* with scenes which took place in the chani !
ber of death, are very tflecting. Queen Victoria bore '
up under h?*r affliction wonderfully at first, calling !
her children, wh<> were present, around herandaddressing
them word* of consolati ?n and counsel on
tlie melancholy occasion. The < 01.t of the
Princess Alice toward* both her parcub-tli itedthe
unqualified praise of the press of Lr>g!and; but the
remarks n the London Time* ind: ate that the
bearing of the Prince of Wale* has not been so
satisfactory. At the latest moment the health of
the Queen wis "unsatisfactory," snd the Court
had arrived at Osborne. Prince Albert will not
be "laid in state,'' nor will ho have a "state
funeral." A Dublin paper, commenting on his
dd ease -.ays; When it i* known that one of the
last suggestion* of the Prince Consort was that
gentleness and forbearance should mark the demeanor
of England to a kindred people, soured ond
iafiamed by the passions of cMl war, it will enhance
the love of the American people for the
Queen, deepen their sorrow for the loss she has
susta'ned. and dull the edge of irrational hostility |
to England."
The American residents ot Paris are earnest and
moat sincere In their expreaaioa of sympathy and
condolence with the Queen.
In Daly, at Turin, the budget has been approved ,
by 'id!! against 3# votes. The financial statements !
of Minister Vaslgi produced a good impression in ;
Parliament. The deficit for JW?1 la pat down at
four hundred millions, and for 196!! at three hnn
dred and seventeen millions. The Council of
I'rassian Ministers have determined to convoke
the Chambers on the 14th of January. The
rumors of a ministerial crisis in Berlin art unfounded.
It has been decided in l,ondoo that Parliament is
to aasembie on Tuesday, the 14th of January
A despatch from London, of tba 22d ultimo,
Maya the ship Hon Payson. from Charleston, had i
arrived at St. .Naaaire. j
Tlie steamer fit. Andrew, of Mir Qurbe?mfl|
| (llaanow line, haa bona chartered by the BiWlwh i
j <rovernm?nt to <*on*ey troop* to Canada.
Hie Hoard of A Idem i -n Diet lust evening. The
, nnm-' report of the Corporation Conner) was presented
"\n?l one tUouaand copies ordered to be
printed. The resolution of the Cotinoilmen, awurd
| Inp i i- h t , ibi. 0fjp , 11 0f bofrd, WW
W YORK HERALD, WEDi
concurred in. A resolution oocphinentary to the
President of the Board, Mr. Genet, was offered by
Alderman Dayton, to which the President rcsponded
in appropriate tcru;.->, and the resolution srus
unanimously adapted. Resolution complimenting
the subordinate othcors of the Board and the reporters
of the press were also adopted, and the
sessions of lRfll were'brought to a Hose.
The Board of Counoilmt n were in session ovor
four hours yesterday; but nearly uil the papers disposed
of referred to unimportant matters. A petition
of the Cantain of the Montgomery Troop for
au appropriation of 15,000 to reimburse them f >r
mounting and equipping the regiment was referred
to the Committee on National Affairs. A donation
of $.300 was made to the Inebriate's Hume. A
long list of Commissioners of Deeds, whose appointment
wns recommended for confirmation, was
concurred in. A committee from the Board of
Aldermeu announced that they were about adjourning
sine die, whereupon the President stated
that the Councilmen had no communication to
make. He instructed the committee t? tender iiis
thanks for the uniform courtesy extended to the
Board during the year by the Aldermen. The
Board adjonrned till Thursday, which will be the
last meeting.
Skating was resumed yesterday on the lower
pond of the Central Park, and about fifteen thousand
persons visited the ice during the day. The
ice became very soft after the sun had passed the
meridian, and unless there should have been colder
weather during the night the chances of skating
to-day are poor. However, should it 'not actually
thaw, both ponds of the Park will be thrown open
to the puhlic as a New Year's present. Where the
ire on the upper pond has broken away, through
the effects of the wind, the holes have boen fenced
in with barrels and planks, so as to allow the
Bound ice 10 oe usea. ?nouiu uie puunc o? um?ppointed
in skating, through the softening of tlie
weather. the Park authorities will fcnot deserve
blame, as they have done what Utey could to
enable the ioe to be used.
In the Court of General Sessions yesterday
Joseph Georgi, who pleaded guilty a few days
since to manslaughter in the second degree, was
sentenced by the Recorder to the State prison for
seven years and six months. Valentine Coomb
was convicted of an assault with an intent to do
bodily harm, and sent to the city prison for thirty
days.
A private despatch received from Washington
states that General McCiollau, on investigating the
specifications of the charges against Brigadier
General Beuham, has ordered tlie tatter's release
from arrest. and he is to be ordered at once to
duty. This will be grateful news to the numerous
friends of this brave. o.Hoer.
We are under obligations to Win. Tohin, of the
Union Goast Guard, Colonel Wardrop, at Fortress
Monroe for late Southern newspapers.
The market for beef cattle opened buoys ntly
yesterday, at an advance of a quarter of a cent on
all grades, but closed heavy. Prices ranged from
six to ten cents. Milch cows, voals, calves and
sheep and lambs were steady and unchanged.
Swine were active at three to four cents for still
fed. The receipts were as follows:? 3,889 beeves,
8C cows, 204 veals, 7,733 sheep nud lambs, and
40,488 swiue. Our regular report of the market,
published in our weekly edition, will contain tlie
ftrr.tfAa f,\r t>?<* Otiliro tfOftr na iltOV llfil'A attliAfl] ?ll
in our columns from week to week. We mujr remark
here that the receipts of beef cattle (Wiring
the year have been enormous, amounting to not
far from 225,000 head.
Tho cottoj market was flrnvr ye-ioiiUy, while the
sales, in lota, embraced about TOO hales, closing on the
basis of 37c. a 3S<-. for middling upland*. The Hour mar
kot was firmer buttiot active,and closed at nlxiut 6c.,and
in some cases as mm h as 10c. i er hhl. higher. Wheat u as
held above the views of buyers, 'die demand wax good
and pries quite linn, with moderate sales, in part for
exfibrt. Cprn was firm: chiefly sold at flflc. in store ami
afloat,for (-hipping lots Western mixed.' Pork wax heavy,
while sales of 71)0 bbls. were nua'.?, in lots, at $12 a
$12 60 for old and new mess, and at $0 a $9 ".0 for new,
and prime nt"j? at $13 25 a $13 75; India mw sold at $21.
Sugars were Arm. with sales of 200 a 300 hhds. The
stock of sugars on hand i* 36,003 hhds., against 16SS
at the same time last year. Coffee was quiet but firm;
the sti-ck embraced 44.017 bags of !<jo Total of all kiuds
on hand, 71,COO bags. Freights wet* siea ly, with mode
rata engagements.
The Sinking Cense of JefT. Davis and III*
Southern Confederacy.
The independent cotton oonfeiJeraey of Jeff.
Davis ha* seen its best days. Under the increasing
pressure of our fleet* and armies, it is
reduced to the oondition of a city attested by
an overwhelming force and cut off trom its supplies.
Growing up. as hi a single night, into a
luxuriant developement. like Jonah's gourd, it
is wilting as rapidly away. From everw qtiur
ter of the South, in every variety of manifestation,
the fuels and the evidence are daily aeru
maiming upon our nanus inn miming 0111 me
intervention of England or France can prevent
this overstrained and exhausted rebellion from
collapsing within Mr. Seward's limitation of
ninety days. lif e the Great South Sen bubble or
any jther audacious but shallow imposiure.
In the interesting statement* which we published
yesterday from two Union refugees who
b id run the gauntlet of the 2'avis de-polism
from Texas t<_ Indiana, there are some very
Suggestive disclosures, ^bus it appears ^Tr
' blockade u depriving the people (of the re
volted States') of many of the necessaries of
1 le;" that''their currency \* in the most wretchel
condition, and i-> daily growing worse, while
the sugar and cotton planters have already
mortgaged their plantations, in order to raise
means of subsistence for their families and
staves;" that "gold and silver (down the Mississippi)
have almost entirely disappeared, the
former being at thirty-five per cent premium,
and the latter not to be had at any price that
' many of the most intelligent and influential of
the sugar and cotton planters frankly acknowledge
that their ruin is sealed, unless the blockade
is raised; and of that they are beginning to
lose all hope:" and that already in the city of
New Orleans a large and formidable organization
of Union men exists, wbieh is ripe for insurrection
when they are satisfied that a federal
army is in a position to sustain them."
We are entirely satisfied of the truth of all
tbe>e statements, and are as well convinced that
they afford but a faint conception of the
wretchedness, destitution. confusion and desperati.in
which prevail throughout all the States
groaning under the iron heel of this rebellion.
We give to-day some confirmatory extracts from
the editorial columns of a stray copy of the
New Orleans True Ijfjtn wliich has fallen into
our possession. The first of these extracts Is
a leading article of that paper on tlie late message
of Jeff. Davis to his Confederate Congress
at Richmond. The editor does not believe that
the peculiar logic of Davie will convince Kng
land or France of the inofltcioocy of4h^Neril
blockade, or bring either of those Towers to
his assistance, bit argues that European nations
are not to be gained to the rebel cause by
foolishly refusing them any cotton except
through Confederate ports. In the next article
of our New Orleans philosopher, on -'The Pros
pert," h?'thinks that praying and fasting are
not eijnal to ?hs duty of coping with Enfield
rifle* and rifled cannon, for th it Providence
often takes the side of the'heavieat artillery;
that our ' formidable floats" Lav.; create i a tor
NESDAY, JANUARY 1, 18(
rible panic throughout the South, that Feniandiua,
Brunswick, Savannah, and other places on
the Southern scacoust. are in great danger of
sharing the fate of Cape flattevas, Port Royal
and Ship Inland; and that, in short,' the pros'peet"
of au iiulependeut Southern Utopia
within any reasonable period of time is exceed- 1
iugly gloomy.
But the third article, that on "Government <
Speculation," from our doleful New Orleans 1
contemporary, we are gratified to say, reveals
the fact that all the swindling jobs of govern- <
nient officials, contractors, hucksters, sharpers '
and rogues are not confined to the public ser- vice
of the United States. Juduh P. benjamin,
the head of the rebel Department of Justice 1
at Richmond, has at least one subordinate who 1
deals out "justice" by first extorting silver from 1
the people, and then selling it at fourteen per i
cent premium; and this, we are told, is in "per- 1
feet keeping with the extraordinary conduct
still pursued by the Post Office Department." 1
"Indeed," says our indignant New Orleans editor,
still harping on the Richmond rebel junta, I
?'it is no exaggeration to say that Buohananism
is in full and magnificent dcvelopement, the
machinery to conduct it is perfect, a complete
espionage over the telegraph, the exercise of
uuregulated and unrestrained power over the
export trade of the country, the unlimited and
arbitrary control of legal machinery, by which
the property of one citiv.cn is illegally and despotically
taken from him without adequate
compensation, while that of another is paid for
at enormous prices, und the most profligate
abuse of authority generally in every department
is the rule."
This testimony is from a New Orleans editor,
and we take it directly from his own columns.
There can be no doubt that be iB telling the
truth; and. though we are sure that be does not
tell the whole truth, he tells enough to show
that Jeff. Jtavis, witu ma houitiern conieaeraie
despotism, is fast becoming a public nuisance
iu the estimation of bis victims. But, it may
be naked, if there is such an intolerable despotism
existing in the revolted States, how
is it that this New Orleans editor is per"
in it ted to speak so freely ? The answer
is given in our preceding infcrmation
that there is a large and formidable Union
league existing in New Orleans, "ripe for insurrection,"
and that it is only awaiting the appear,
ance of a federal invading force to break out into
open revolt. Our New Orleans editor has the
league at bis back, and Davis and his tools are
aware of it.
New Orleans, it will also be borne in mind,
is the financial centre and commercial metropolis
of our rebellious Confederate States; so that
with its restoration to the Union, through the assistance
of its "formidable Union organization,"
we may expect a grand succession of such escapades,
from New Orleans around to Richmond,
and thence through the interior to Nashville, utterly
breaking up the Davis despotism, root and
Uftincu. i.ei r.iigtann auu r ranee exercise uictr
| patience and philosophy n month longer, and two
Uilug.^ will be made manifest to them- -first,
that the Southern cotton nationality of Davis
and his confederates is an exploded bubble ;
second, that the government of the United
Slates is a fixed and enduring reality among
the great Powers of the earth.
Tlie Fallwet of tlir Vrur-tlou the Month
Has Carried on War at the Expense of
the Ndrth.
We publish on another page the important
statistical statement of the Mercantile Agency
of Dun A Co., of this city, giving the aggregates
of the failures in the different States of the
North during the last year, and of the Slates of
the South up to the 1st of May, together with
the liabilities, in the chief cities of the Union.
These tables are highly interesting and instructive.
One of the most, remarkable and curious
features which they exhibit is the comparison
between the facts and figures of the failures of
1857 and 1801. In 1857,in the Northern States,
there were 4,257 failures, amounting to
$2 >">,818,000; in the past year the failures were
5,935 in the Northern .States, being on excess of
1,078 over those of the year 1G57, while tho
liabilities are only ?178,032,170, being a diminution
of $87,185,830 ou those of 1857, The
reason why the aggregate liabilities in money is
le?s. though the number of failures is so much
crouter, is that the amount of business done
was much smaller in the past year, the importa
I I ions being greatly diminished on account of
| the war, the disposition of every seller and
I every buyer being to take in sail in view of the
I storm: while, on the other hand, the number of
' failures is increased on account of the terrible
political convulsion through which the country
| is passing, destroying or impairing a great
; many brttnehes^f buuh^gs. In 1H.17 the larger
i private banking, iniponing and commission
| houses wore the heaviest sufferers. In 1861, on
the contrary, the jobbing houses have been the
i chief losers.
The commercial crisis of 1857 was
Caused by ovoitrading, and was artificial
in its nature. There was no necessity for it
had prudence prevailed. The commercial crisis
( of 1861 arose from political events, but for|
tunately came upon the country at a time when
it was well prepared for it. Never was the
trado of the United States in so healthy a condition.
Were it not for that the commercial
disasters would have been far more extensive.
I If the demon of discord had not divided the
I country and produced a civil war, there never
was such prosperity as there would have been
during the last year, owmg to the short cropa
in r-urope. me annnaani crops net*, nun
] the consequent exceeaive exports of breadstuff's.
At an early period of our domestic
troubles it will bo recollected bv all our
readers that we earnestly advised them to con.
tract their expenses. The savin# produced in
this way is estimated by Dun A Co. at $100 per
family, amounting in the aggregate to $400,000,i
000. This will go a considerable way in de- i
fraying the expenses of the war.
it is worthy of remark that of the total fail- j
1 ures at the North, numbering 4,2f>7. to New
York city and Brooklyn belong Old? more tlmn j
one-fifth of the wlmle; while of the whole liabilities,
amounting to el*,000, more than
half namely. $ 135,129.000?must be assigned i
to New York and its suburb over the Kaat
river?showing the v?"t amount of business
transacted in the great Empire City of tho j
' Colon. In Boston the failures numbered only
Wit. and auounled in money to $41,000,000. In
| Philadelphia the failure* were 280, but the
, amount of money was still less tlmn in Boston,
namely, $iJ2,OM,(>(>0. It is in vain for Philadelphia
or Boston to think of coping with New
York in business.
In the South -n States the failures have far ?*_
needed thus- in t' e Norf in proportion. In
HJ.TT Uiago umber v m 6".), with au IndotloiJ
52.
neaa of $25,922,000, while the partial returns <
or tho year 1801 reveal 1,058 failures, with lia- <
bilitios amounting to $28,578,257, although the <
returns from the revolted .States embrace returns
only for four months, when the facilities i
of communication were cut off. This excess of .
failures arises from the fuel that many of tbcm I
wore voluntary, and for the purpose of evading j
obligations to the North. Subsequent State ac- <
tion annulled all Northern claims To New \
Vork city the South owes $159,800,000; to Phila <
ielphia, $24,000,000; to Boston, $7,000,000; |
to Baltimore, $19,000,000. Tho entire ,
indebtedness to these four cities is
$211,000,000, and it is estimated that
ihore is about ninety millions more
due to the rest of the loyal cities and the States
of the North, making a total of three hundred
millions, of which more than one-half is due
to the city of New York. In dry goods alone
New York lost seventy-five millions by the-defalcations
of the South.
It is thus evident that the South has been
fighting us of the Northern States with our own
money during the last year. The three hun~
dred millions due to us have been employed in
breaking up the Union. The Southern rebels
have used our capital against ourselves. Without
it and the arms and ammunition of*which
they plundered us they could have done nothingNow
that our capital in their haud^is exhausted,
the sinews of war will soon fail them, and
the rebellion will die of sheer exhaustion.
The Prophet Russell Upon American Institutions.
Still remaining in a country whose integrity
he opposes, whose institutions be slanders, whose
policy he misrepresents, and whose hospitality
he abuses, Mr. L.L. D. Russell continues to
write silly letters upon American affairs to the
London Times. Having lost here what little
ropuiauon no uau an a currespouurm, ue
now Booms anxious to convince those who
read liia letters that he is a prophet. The number
of such phrases as "1 told yon so before,''
and "as I formerly predicted," and "as I said it
would bo," and "as I told you months ago."
contained ia bis letters, would baffle the Lightning
Calculator to compute.
That Mr. Russell brought extraordinary powers
to his prophetic work no one can doubt.
He had been in this country but a very short
time before we discovered that he reported occurrences
upon the clairvoyant principle, and
that it was not at all necessary for him to be
present in order to accurately describe any incident
or occurrence. His description of the
battle ol Uull run, for instance, and of the panic
that ensued, was a masterly piece
of workmanship. It was impossible for
ordinary pcoplo to undorstand how
Mr. Russell could describe so vividly things
which he never saw. and, indeed, things which
never actually occurred. He wa3 not upon the
buttle field, and yot be confidently asserted that
no batteries were charged by the federal troope.
It is true that all the official reports give the
lie direct to Mr. Russell's statements; but, then,
what is the veracity of an official report compared
to that of a Tivws correspondent? Mr.
Russell was nowhere near the battle field, and
vet he saw Cant. Meairher play the coward. It
is true that all of the officers ot the Sixty-nidth
and all other persons who were witnesses of
the contest agree that Cap I. Meagher fought
like a hero; but then Meagher is only uu Irishman,
and Russell is that lusus natural, an Irish
toiy. After the battle Mr. Russell wrote that
lie encouraged, animated and talked with the
Hying soldiers. Itfls true that a gentleman who
was with Mr. Russell during the ride to Washington
contradicts these assertions, and says
that Russell did nothing but spur up his horse
and beat a hasty retreat; but is Russell's word
to be doubted upon sucb evidence? Certainly
not. Russell is a medium, aad sees things by
clairvoyance. It is not necessary for him to
see a battle in order to know all about it, or to
tie prdfont with men in order to converse with
them.
With such powers it is singular that the
prophet Russell has not succeeded very well in
his predictions. Our readers will remember
that when he first came to this country ho
grasped the whole question with that facility ot"
observation and readiness of deduction peculiar
to his genius, and immediately informed us that
the Union would ho peaceably dissolved, because
our merchants were apathetic, and preferred
eating strawberries and cream to lighting
the rebels. We sill know how completely
that prophecy has been fulfilled, it must be a
source of gratification to the eminent British
seer to review that truthful prediction. A
Wooster street "seventh son of a rcventb son."
of the tribe to which Mr. Russell aspires to bolong.
would curse ids unlucky stars, and either
commit suicide or change his place of business
forthwith, if lie had made su^h a fiasco and it
were found out. l>u^ BiuseTl is no ordinary
HootliHayer. Such failures do not in the least
ufsfm't hint. His 'j*elf-eonsciousnMs,v as Oakey
Mali calls Massa Greeley's vanity, is altogether"
too great to admit of a defeat. He picks his
prophetical flint and tries again.
This tiine he predicts a Northern civil war
because Fremont was not presented with a real
sword for nothing Kvidcntly he imagines that
the Pathfinder intends to burke Honest Old
Abe, transfix the Cabinet like pigeons on a !
skewer, and seize the government. Conscious- .
however, that lie is unprophetically behind the
age, and that he has read in the Hzr.u.nthat the ,
abolition conspiracy is unpopular, nod
only exhibits Itself in certain noncombative
ways. peculiar to the excitable
Greeley and the virulent Phillips,
Mr. Kntwll shifts his ground snd holsters
up his prediction of ? Northern civil war by j
(he excessively solitle and abstruse arguments
that the leading New York dailies are discuss- ;
iiig their relative circulation, and that Now
York city has elected a new Mayor. Therefore,
"avs the oracular Kiis?cll, of course we
shall have a Northern civil war. Common |
ren-e people do not see the deduction, and j
think the argument rather obscure. Rut, then. |
Is not. obscurity a prophetic quality t Why, for ,
thousands of years the world has been puzzling
itself over some of the Hildical predictions, and
ceo yet make nothing out of them. Regarding
Russell, aa we do. as not only the equal, but the
superior, of such fellows as Jeremiah and (lose*,
we defy an> one to find any meaning in his utterances
in any less time than twice as ninny ,'
thousand years. To be oracular one nurd, tie !
obscure. What Is the use of being a prophet if
every one ran understand your reason* for 1
your predictions?
Not is the objection less trivial that the reasons
conti edict the prophecy ; for if the papcis
have no greater matter than their circulation to
discuss, and if the people can become so excited
about such (in unimportant aTa:r as a mayoralty
\
election, then, certainly, there can bo no great m}
sonspiracy brewing. Hut in it not the privilege Jtk
of a prophet to contradict biased. if he libes'
All religions have contradictory dogmas; and
ire we, therefore, to he without any leligion T
Ah, no; Mr. Kissell seems to write trash; hut he
knows inore about this country, ilH people and
institutions than even Lord Lyons, who expounds
jur constitution for us, or the London Times,
which Informs that we persecute '* usn rem
ienls and drivo them out of the country. WLea
lie sees conspiracy breeding in a uewspapor
liscubflion about circulation, and civil war prog
nant in a charter election, wo talks who have
nut the gift of double ime had better ho silent,
and look out for squalls.
We have not Ute slightest doubt that Uus
jell's predictions of a Northern civil war wilj
prove as true as his assertions that the North
would never fight ; that tlio Union oan never be
rev ored, and that the people would resist the
surrender of Mason and Slidell. It is with unfeigned
sorrow we notice that several of our contemporaries
write RiiBsell down an ass, and that
people generally regret that the threatened war
with England did not at least result in the ejeotioa
or suspension of Russell. Russell docs
lie! villify, slander, abuse, misrepresent, traduce
the North and support the rebels, it is true ; but
then he is a prophet and an Irish Englishman,
and ought to have a little license, if it be ouljr
a license to leave.
Latkk krom England?Tun London Joounaj*
on tub President's Message.?The advices received
by the Asia and Etna, although seven
days later, arc of but little importance, their
chief interest consisting in the comments of
the English press on President Lincoln's Message,
and in the details of Prince Albert's last
moments, with speculations on the political offset
of his death. The London Times quarrels
with the Message because it is non-committal on
the affair of the Trent, on the emancipation question,
on the financial schemes of the government,
and on several other matters which it would be
useful for that joarnal to know the President's
sentiments upon, ia order that it might base <
upon them further attacks upon him and hie j
administration, and add to the exasperated
state of feeling which it has been tbe chief in- ,
struruenl in creating against this country. Instead
of attacking the Message for its reserve,
it seems to us that our contemporary should |
have accorded it praise for a quality which i
brings it so near to the standard of roynl j
speeches, the great merit of which, according
to European ideas, is their skilful evasion ef
everything which it is interesting for people to
know. The Morning Post, Lord Palmerston's
organ, exhibits its usual ignorance of the oook
stitution of the public mind in this country by
founding on the vote of thanks passed by the
Mouse of Representative* to Uaptain watte*
the anticipation that the demands of England it/
the cane of the Trent would raise a tremendous I
storm here. The utter indifference with which f
these worthies will be returned to the protoc- *
lion of tlie Union Jack will, wo imagine, enlighten
the Post, and the English press generally,
us (o the absurdity of tbeir again attempting
to base political calculations on tho assumed
analogy between British and American
ideas. The manner in which the decision of the
administration in tins aflwit has been arrived at
and received by our people ought to be sufficient
to convinoo them that our government is
as little under the dominion or what they call
mob influences as that of any European nation
The Queen's Messenger (o Washington.
CAPTAIN 0. 0. SKYHOOK AT THE IIIHI't MWS UfS
DEPARTURE KOK EM1I.AMD X TUB CUNAKU MAIL
STEAMER AMERICA, ETC.
Captain 0. C. Seymour, who was tho special mat* on jar
of Queon Victoria, with despatches from the English jar.
erumer.t to lord Lyons, the British Minister lit Washington,
arrived at tho Everett House on Monday, and will
sail for Europe in tho Ounard mail stoamor America to- '
day, carrying with him despatches from Lord Lyons te
the English government.
Those despatches will no doubt consist of the terms
agroeJ upon by the UntteJ Stales and the British Minister
al Washington In regard te Ma->on and Slidsll, the rebdl
commissioners from the South for England, and a full
rr??wtri t\f i.hn Abrrt>aiiond?Ded on that gubfficL u it
api>eared in the Kuropean edition of the Hs.uui.
Tho America oousoijiiently will sustain uo delay in her
regular hour of departure,a* she anchored in the rntfi yea
tertlay evening for that special pur|>ose, and tier |?*scogrrs
wilt b icouroyod in a boat from tho Cunard do It in Jersey
City Site leaves at an early hour, and the next arrival
at tins i>ort will bn the Asia, which reached Halifax yesterday.
1 ho Mason and Sndell affair, with the decision
oi t'ie go. nrnmeol of the United Stales, ant thocorree(.nnovure
between our government and Knglaud, will m
read w h more than ordinaly interest in tho other coon
tiy front our columns. Therefore tho arnvai of Una
steamer will he anxiously l<- ked for at Um> other side of
the Allaiiiic by partii s ?f all claesca, creeds and political
opinions, and Ilia c >. .one upuu which the prescut
amicab'e arrangements have been secured will no doubt
meet wiihthc hearty concurren< e and approbation of out
Kig Ub friends. They must, of themselves, oouviuce
even the most skeptical that, in the |>art whichthj^niied
Stut- s has lakuu1s])yju8 acted a moat " ^^rorthyffd
laud ihltj par' "(ll? whic,h cannot fail to moot with thl
lu>^5 appreciation of all the great Powore
Moyementi of General Scott.
(funeral Scott h is renin until ia strict seclusion In hti
apartments at the Itrevoort House since Ida return froo
furope. His health has been much benefitted l>y Um
voyage ucions the Atlantic, and the old hero is now is
the enjoyment of go<st health and flne spirits. Hedoe*
not iutond leaving this c ty tor Washington for some t.ui'
'oe-ona Wiiti-A Itia rsstiim ft niiinhar rif duiiin
gu shed and mil'ential ciliTene have called upon him Ml
Oie Rruv'Kjrt Uonao. Among those wbo (allud yesterday
wars (ton. Henry Wilson, <if Massachusetts , Rov. Dr.
ISltta, and I.other nradtah, Rfc).
Newt from Ucneri*! Slrklti' llrlgada.
Tha following i opy ?( *u official document etpiaua
ii salt' ?
( upturn John T. fir'ico, Assistant Adjutant (lonoral M
iho Kvelelor Flrigade, life- leave of absence for ten daya,
to visit Sow York on urgent private business.
Ii K. MICKI.KsS, I trig. (Jen Own.
r**r Hmwono, Doc. 21. IS?4.
trained for t?n days, with |so mission to apply Tor aa
ettetmiuti JIWJ'H 1IOOKKR, (Jon. of Ihv.
Ciip'Hiii l.ib*naii, Cotmerty appointed Assistant Adjutant
tJenrral, did nut report to f-'eneral Micltlas, but btf
boon irauatarrod to another command.
Hassi m's Musci'M ?To day. In order to (ratify lb*
eiiwde winch, on the Orst of tha yoar, always throng tbi
Museum. the new fairy spectacle of "01111100'' will bora,
presented nearly every b?ur, beginning st liaif past ten A
M. We perceive thnt the last bulletin of the health at
the whale gives rather an unfavorable account of hit
condition Those who bays not aa yet aeon this intet
esting monster bid better lie ipilck about It, .m, from Ml
amounts, he is likely xouii "to ehiilllo olThls mortal coil.''
I'IUk riMll.T ?f mm.i. Illv<:?k < ? mm aunriiooti wg
avnnlng t li? Hell Klng?r* giva thalr Interfiling pgrfntmafK'i.
Tliu 'lay I rformMW bagln* at two o'nloot,
ami ill* ev*niag conwneari-* at thennual hour.
Ni*HI'* (Iari??I?.?llnrrmann will glv* In* nana! pnatt
<lil(tttU?riwi (lorlutm.?ni e In night at (tin bow*.
, a Vkw Cowti.?A InlOHCopio romct w.i* rlmoovar il bp
Mr. Il<>r? ? T. Tuttl*, it Urn H.iivanl Holing* oh??t?a.
lory ''*rly on Suitilay morn in*, m-ar tbo bright *U' lata
VlTginotS. Mr. IV .nl hoiiiI* 111* following acvtmM a" tba
coniol to th? final<>n .tiltvrrtwr ?
A nciinrt wna fll?r,;*.>,.)<! thl* morning at tlif** CV.Ior.k,
hp Mr. Dora** P. Tnitla, In the onnatollatlon Virpi, it*
puitimn wa* ii* follow* ?-Kiglit awoimno, lilt , lam.;
4*1.1 inatlnn, & (tea*. *nnlh
(in tit* pr?< rdlng arouing th* gr*ai eom <t n-l/nti app*arw?l
In .Inlp Iwt vim ittill i a*lly ***<i wllh t * groat
t.'lnwofni. It* (liaianon I'rnni th* earth we* at* , o Uro*
Ii nlio'l milliniiN nf mil**. Til* pnrUMlWal t 1*1*1 at
Knrk* wan aim plainly via lit* to th* oako l *y? J