The constitutional amendment fbr the abolition of
tntavery same up by assignment to day In the Bouse, on
Mr. Ashley's amendment to reconsider the rote by which
lit was rejected last session. Mr. Ashley made an able
tand elaborate argument la favor of the measure, which
(Attracted much attention. Be was followed by Mean*.
?Orth, of Indiana, and Scofleld, of Pennsylvania, in oare
' fully prepared speeches. Qutte>an excitement waa cre
ated by some charges made by Mr. SooDeld In regard to
?the elements by which New York city waa governed.
'Mr. Brooks and other New York members replied to
?these charges, but no argument was made against the
measure. From present Indications there will not be
t?ny attempt on the part of the opposition to argue the
?queeUon. It is understood that the vote will be taken
meat Tuesday. The result is still doubtful, though the
l friends of the bill express confidence In Its passage.
TBI TAX OH TOBACOO.
Mr. Stevens introdoeed a bill in the Bouse In amend,
ment of the Revenue law, which (equina all persons
Muring tobacco on hand to Brake immediate return of
quality and . kind* to the district assessor, and forbids the
rremoval without permit of the assessor. It permits the
?establishment of bonded erarehouaee in the cities of New
York, Brooklyn, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Cincinnati,
Louisville, Padocah, St. Lou is, and other places, under
*the custody of an otUeer of the Treasury. Permits may
? also be obtained fer private warehouses under the Treas
ury regulations. The 'bill allows tobacco to be exported
without payment of tax, or packed and prepared for
market by the grower on his own premises, or sold on
?*he premises without payment of tax ; but it may not be
manufactured until it has been rtored in a bonded ware
house. The taxes to be imposed on manufactured
tobacoo are left iu blank The bill was referred to the
'Committee on Ways an'l'Meuus.
THE DUTY ON PRINTING PAPER.
The following is the Joint restitution introduced by
Representative Knssou to-day, and referred to the Com
? oilttee of Ways and Means: ? '
Resolved, That so long a? the curreit rate of preiqium
'*or exchange on London, when bought at New York with
< any lawful money of the United Siaie^ shall exceed sixty
dollars per eontu in, paper for the printing of books, peri
pt|lcals and newspapers may be admitted at any custom
I iniri of the Vnited States free of dnty; and the rate of
i exchange'slul) be ascertained afad declared fortbepur
I poses of thlc rQKOhitiou by the Secretary of the Treasury.
It Is probable Uiat the duty will-be either materially re
i duced or entirely repealed during the session.
i mil OUTR&ftlfJ UPON THE INDIANS IX COLORADO
?TEBBITOBY.
Further developments constantly being made in rcfe
? vence to the recent outrages upon the Indians near Fort
1 I^on, Colorado Territory, Increase the atrocity of this
counter atUUk upon unarmed and unprotected savages,
.ij. o. Colly,' Indian agent near Fort Lyon, In a rccent let
' .ler, writes that he had about two hundred and fifty lodges
i a ear that poet, all of the chiefs of the Cheycnnjs and
i Arrapahoes. They, with their families and braves,
were doing what they could to restrain
Others from committing depredations on the whites; and
?while they were under protection from the troops at the
-post Colonel Chlmigton, with the Third regiment from
Denver, came down, took them by surprise, and killed
about one half of them, including all of the wemon and
children, and then left for Denver Again. It is probable
? that this outrage, which has enraged the Indians to the
greatest degree, has dosed that, the principal route, to
? Santa Fe, and will force all travel and transportation
?around by the way of Denver, to accomplish which Is
?Relieved to have bean the object of theee murders.
rnOPORBD REMOVAL. OF OBNBRAL OFFICER*.
The debate In the Senate to-day on the joint reeolation
?dismissing from the service general officers, whoee com
mands are now equal to their rank, was of the moet
spirited ehartcter, rivalling the attractions of the Bouse,
;and drawing an Immense throng to the galleries. The
?belief to generally entertained that the resolution will be
?defeated, a majority regarding the measure as unneoee
aary, the President already having full authority to dls
ola unworthy o&eera.
ORBXLXT'a Nnr piaci movkmmts.
Hon. H<>rtvc?<;r*cley has been very buay yesterday and
to day upon the floor of the Representatives Hall. Be la
?tn cloee and frequent consultation with the opposition as
well as repubHoan member*. It la understood that he la
engaged In a new peace movement, In which he expects
?*o be vigorously sustained by the former. What shape
?ihis new demonstration la to take ie not yet developed;
?vit it ia believed to be a co-operative movement with the
VBluin, in which the glory is to be divided between these
toigli contracting parties. Much euriona speculation has
been caused by the presence and activity of Mr. Urecley,
although bat liUle expectation la entertained that any
* thing will be gained by the aubstUution of that gentle
xuan and the Blair* for Grant, Sherman and Karra^nt aa
peace negotiators. "H.^ 0. " Is at present In high favor
with (he opposition, who aedulouitly cultivate him aa the
person beat calculated to receive and vitalise their
peculiar vlewa in reference to the future conduct of the
?oonteat between the government and the rebels.
rOBTAOE 8TAMPH AND TUK HOI.D1KRS.
The recent order of the Postmaster (i?ncral prohibiting
-the sale of postage stamps at a discount haa already re
called In much evil both to the armi<;a In
tlie field and the government. Previoua to
the order the army mall agenta were enablod
by a a ruall proflt to aupply atamps to the troopa. Now
(hey refuae to do ao, aa moat of them ar* enlisted men
And have no inclination to keep their email capital con
stantly invested la a commodity which, instead of re
?Virnlng profit, must necessarily entail loss. The result
U that the army geta no stamps and the malls are
flooded with mattar marked "soldier's letter," much of
which aever reaohea Its destination, thereby depriving
the department of ? portion of Its revenne and doing
much Injury to the aoldler.
rim UNITBD STATU AMD HUDSON BAT COMMIMION.
The Com raise! on for the aettlement of the dllBeultlca
between the United States and the Hudaon Bay Company
la making arrangeraenta for establishing Itaelf here, and
will probably commenoe taking testimony on the Oral of
. next week. Judge da 8. Johnaon, of New Tork, la Com
missioner on the pari' of the government
?IC? ADMIRAL FABBAQUT IM WASHINGTON.
Vice Admiral rarragnt and wife were among the arri
vals at WlUard's this evening.
rntttrn or BIORITAItT tBWARD.
Secretary Seward and aulte returned laat night from
the funerala of Hob. George M. Dallas and Mlnlater
Say ton.
*?Oro??D INCBBA9I OP CLKBIOAL P0BC1 AND
HAL ABIBH IN TBI LAND OFFICS.
Th" Commissioner of the Land Offioa has strongly
*irged upon Coogreaa the necessity of erecting a fifth
nlass of elerka In his bureau, and also rocommenda an la
crease of salary_o?e third class to slxteea hundred dol
? Pars, and the fourth to eighteen hundred; the first and
- oecoud classes to remain at the present rales.
AKKUTin FOR BM DBA TORI NO TO DEFBAUD 80 L'
Dim.
H Rathbone, a clerk m the Surgeon Oeperal's office,
"" arrested on Wednesday and committed to the Old Capi
tol, charged with lasulng circular* nfftrlng to procure fur
loughs, dls> harges and transfers from one hospital to
another, for a consideration. Prominent officers aro ro
Oorted to be In collusion with him, from the fact that his
own position did not enable linn to i-arry out bis plans
unaided by parlies In authority.
TltK rt'BLIC J,ANI>3 OK IOWA.
A certified I rnnncripl of selections, in place, under the
Agricultural College set, for two hundred snd forty thou
?and acre?, h;u been transtnilind to ilie Governor of
'owa Uwmg to the large quantity of public laud do
nated Mto the eartana mm ef Oeegrwfor railroads,
collegae ul may Un4U to (he State, bat a amall quan
tity remain* Mtoniit ef H tttt Mate.
THIRTY ?IIOHTH COVOKBU.
IIOONP BBMIOM.
(???u.
Wjjuuhoto*, Jan. ?, lMt.
The Seaate anwMiil at the usual hour, Vice President
Hamlin in the chair.
a ui or OTHAjr um
The Cun UM before the Senate a communication
giving information in relation to theaale of Indian lands,
which was called for by the resolution adopted aoine
time since.
mcanum or unon von aoLorua.
Mr. Foama, (rep.) of Conn., presented the petition of
offloera of the Conaeetiout Second Ught artillery, aakiag
for an inereaae of the rations iseued to soldier*. They
state that the allowance of rioe, potatoes and bread is too
amall.
The petition waa referred to the Military Committee,
ran abolition or iutut
Mr. Stmwxn, (rep.) of Mass., presented the petition of
citizen* of Worcester, Maeaachuaetta, asking for the abo
lition of slavery, which waa referred to the Committee on
Slavery.
ixcnBAsa or pat to amy omenta
Petitions from officers of the army asking for an in
ereaae />r pay were presented by Messrs. Pom* rot, (rep)
of Kansas, and Wiuoh, (rep.) of Maaa.
Mr. SaanxAit, (rep.) or Ohio from the Finance Com
mittee, reported back the petition of army offloera ask
ing for an inereaae of pay, and asked that the committee
be discharged and the petition referred to the Military
Committee.
The request of Mr. Sherman waa aoceeded to.
ran putt on MAraaui. for sum roa manna or
oiunirr.
Mr. Bbmuuh, from the Committee on Finance, re
ported back a petition aaking for a remlaaion of the daty
paid on material uaed la the manufacture of dreaaea worn
by the Slater* of Charity, and aaked that the committee
be (Uncharged from further oonai deration of the same:
and it waa ao ordered.
rarstoif iom
Mr. Tnonvu* (rea.) of 111., ottoed a reeoflgfcn,
which wna,pnaaao. calling anon the Secretary of the In
terior for information an to the number of penaten agenta
employed by the gorernment, how many in ennh State,
under what law employed, he., ha.
riaaaon or na nux winmun raocnmwia nr cum
?At- OAMML
Mr. Tnraavu called up the bill t(> regulate proceed
ings in criminal baaea, relating eepec tally to the punish
ment of the crime of treaaon, which waa paaeed. it
Srovides that where the oflbnoa charged be treaaon, and
I a capital offence, the defendant shall be entitled to
twenty, nnd the united Statea to Ore, peremptory chal
lenge; on a flat for any other offence, the United Statea
a hall be entitled to two peremptory challenges, and the
defendant to ten. Whore any person la convicted of an
oflbnoe agalnat the United Statea, and shall be sentenced
to Imprisonment for a period longer than one yenr, It
ahall be lawful for the oourt by which the eentence ia
pease d to order the aame to be executed In any state
priaon or penitentiary within the district or State where
anch court ia held, the use of which priaon or penlien
tlnry ia allowed by the Legialalure of aueh State for auch
purpose, and the ezpenaes attending the execution of the
sentence ahall be paid by. the United Statea. The act
tekee effect on the 1st of June, 18M.
trnwrLOTiR omoana or na umt.
Mr. Wilsok, (rep.) of Maaa., called up the bill to drop
from the roll* unemployed omcera of the army.
The report of the Military Committee on thia subject,
recommending that the bill do not pass, was read.
Mr. WaaoN moved that the bill be indefinitely post
poned.
Mr. Trctibull waa sorry that the Committee on Mili
tary Affair* had come to such a conclusion. He waa not
prepared to controvert the soundnoaa of the position as
sumed by the committee, or to deny that the Executive
hue competent authority to dismlse officers from the ser
vice; but It was an authority which the Executive would
be very slow to exercise. He believed it had alwava
been customary in the bistoigr of the government for
Congress to legislate for the disposition of array
officers. It waa dane la the war of the
Revolution, and In 1812. If the precedent pro- j
posed by the committee were adopted, and the
power left in the Prneident'a hands, Congress would have
to surrender up it?authority'to reduce the army and dis
charge the officers at the'cloae of the present war. He
would like to inquire of the chairman of the Military
Committee whether there had not always been legisla
tion to get rid of supernumerary officers that would not
be necisstpy tliao of peace. An act of Congress wm
passed to miwtcr out auch officers in 1810 or 1817.
Mr. Grimbr, (rep.) of Iowa, aaid that during the laat
war aeveriil regimenta of the line were established. At
the expiration of the war It became necessary to reduce
the army. That required legislation ; bat the volunteer
officers went out of oommiswon at the exptraUoa of the
war. -
Mr. Trumbull could see no difference between regu
lars and volunteer* in such a time as thin. If It waa ne
cessary after the war of 1813 to legislate on this subject it
was equally ao now.
Mr. OKixaa said there waa no parallel between the
OUN.
Mr. Tn ranu understood that the report of the com
mute* wm upon the ground entirely that the President
had authority to relieve the oountiy of this evil of Idle
officer* receiving pay from the government and render
ing no eervice. Would the Senator from Iowa tell the
Senate and the country why if la 181k or 1818, legislation
waa necessary to get rid of unnecessary officer*, why waa
It not ao now?
Mr. Oune stated, In reply to Mr. TrumbulL that Cob*
gretie created li fleas or twenty regiments la the last war
with Greet Britain, and their officer* were appointed by
the President aad confirmed by the Senate. It waa ne
cessary to legislate in' order to disband theee regiments at
the close of Uw> war. That waa not the case now. It waa
now proposed to step In and Interfere with the preroga
tlve of the President. He wm opposed to this.
Mr. Urn, (rep. ) of Ind. , spoke In favor of the report of
the committee, and hoped the 8enate would act upon Its
recommendation
Mt.-Welbom said the responsibility of dismissing officers
wm now with the President of the united States, and he
ought to exercise it Several officers had been mastered
out u t the servioe during the past year; some, bethought,
within the laat four or live weeks. They had either been
mustered out or bed resigned, knowing they would . be
mustered out The farts In relation to every officer could
be put Into the possession of the President, and he could
aet upon them and take the responsibility. Be (Mr.
Wilson) did not want the responsibility shifted upon the
Congress of the United States. If the bill was passed as
It cittne from the House It would leave It In the power (if
?vury ommanding offioor to secure the dismissal of bis
subordinates. By the reoruaulxatlons of bri??d?* or di
visions officer* might to be thrown out of the service at
the expiration of three months under this bill. There
.was more It " igue lo the army among officers than In the
moet exclW political canvasses among politicians. There
was no comparison botwoen the rlvalrfee and Jealousies
of army officer* and of ambitious men In the elvll eer
vice ; and he (Mr. Wilson) thought Congrea* ought to do
nothing to Increase the moans for carrying out this rival
ry, a a* ft would by passing the House bill. When a gene
ral waa out of eervtoe It waa the duty ef the Executive lo
see to the cause of his being unemployed. If he wss
out of service for cause, be ougbt to be dismissed ; but
If, aa was frequently the case, he was out because of the
jealousy or rivalry of a superior officer, the l"re*4deiit
should so set as to do justice to this officer and at the
same time take care of the interests of ths country. We
oujfUt to suppose that officer* will be Justly dealt with by
the President, and that the public good would be pro
moted by the Judicious exorcise of the authority vested
In him. Some officers not In employment now ought to
be dismissed; other* ought not The mere meuffion
of name* would satisfy the Senate on the subjeot
If this rulw-of the House bill waa adopted It would give t%
afoertonOthe power to crush out Inferiors, whom they
AMLnot like, by suiiendiug them from duty under some
pretfpxt, knowing that at the expiration of three month*
fftey would be dropped from the roll*. Thia power of
dismissing Inferior officer* by superior* was very grtat,
and ought to be exercised by corps and army command
ers In the Delil, and only then very rarely. There were
?W< officer*, not in the public service to day, or, If In the
service, iu a subordinate ca|iaelty, because of a difference
of opinion or rivalry with office? who were once their in
feriors, but have bssn mors fortunate than they for a
couple of years. He did not believe justice or the good
of the service would be promoted by the passage of the
law from the House.
Messrs CosHSSB.frep.) of Cal. ; Powell, (opp.) of Ky. ;
Dow*, (rep ) of Wis , Davis, (opp.) of Ky., and Has
brick*, (opp.) of Ind., addressed the Senate on the sub
ject und>-r consideration
Mr. Trikbcli. resumed the floor on the subject He
advocatod the passage of the Houae bill on the ground
that Justice to the officers In the army required it There
were now one hundred and alxty-two ooiooela command
lag brigades In the army. They could not be promoted,,
because there ware no vacanclee, and could not while so
many brigadier generate were on the rolls, though unem
ployed. He ngain adverted to the law mustering out of
the servioe the officers of the war at 1811, and said that
?nch a law was as necessary sow aa then.
Mr Wilms desired to my that the committee admitted
that incompetent officer* ought to be dismissed. He did
not think the fact of My officer being oat of employment
for a few weeks waa any evidence that he ought to be
dismissed There were officers in the field to day who
ought not to be In the service. The committee's opinion
wm that unworthy officer* ought to be dismissed,
whether employed or unemployed ; bat that the Presi
dent ought to have the power to dispose of them In any
raM. The set of 186> authorlssd sad requseted the Pre
sident to dismiss from the eervice sny officer for
any csum which in his Judment was rafficlent
Md for the good of the eervtcs It ws* not only sn
authority, but a request ? sad if there wss an officer In
commission unworthy of the place he held, the responsi
bility wm with the President I-et htm emrrlse that
according to his mom of public duty He (Mr. Wilson)
understood that a dosen or fifteen officers who were be
lieved to bo unworthy would be dtsatseed before long.
It wm not propooed to reduce the number of officer* In
the army Thar* were now seventy major genersla snd
two hundred aud seventy five brigadier generals In the
army.
Mr Pahwsll, (rep.) of Ma, wished the bill postponed
for thirty days, if the President did not before the end
of that time dismiss unworthy officers to make room for
men of merit. He thought, therefore, that CongreM
ought to pnss such a bill a* rsme from the House.
Mr. Johnson, (opp ) of Md., referred to a case in which
(loners! Jackson removed from the rolls of the army an
officer who bad given him a personal insult There could
b? no doubt, since the passage of the aot of 1A62, that ihe
President b*d full power to dlsmls* any officer ami he
thought the passage of the proposition before trie Senate
would bo an Interference with the prerogative of the Presi
dent There *aa not much analogy between the law passed
In 181ft and that proposed new.
Mr. Doolittls, (rep) of Wla, Inquired If Ihe not of
1818 did not conxtituio a board of officer* of the army to
p|e* upon cases of dismissals?
M Johnsos repli' il that he did not Ihlnk It would be
ilecorou* in Congrws* t.> say to the President, a* it would
by the pasnago of the resolution before the Senate, that
he was keeping in tb? service a lot of Incompetent off)
c?rs. If he believeil that the Pn si.'ont knowingly kept
in the servioe tacumvotcut officers, and he (Johnson)
were i member Of the House of hi I
would im|Km ti him. J
Mr liows thought that if it was mi offeace in the Prssi I
dent to allow unworthy otlioars to remain >u the sarvioe, I
It wu also an offence ia the .Senate to do to. He did not I
believe the reeoiuUon before the Seuais rejected upon I
the President iu any way Up did not haHeve any re I
Bee lion waa intended. The f?ot waa wa war* paylu *7
groat deal of money to men who gave bo aerrtoe for MH
they received. The service waa rendered, it Waa tri^l
but not by men who received the pay always. ? I
The yeas and uaya vera demanded oa the re at lew toh- 1
definitely postpone, tthMr you 18. nays 8. ttfltfc I
House resolution wu indeliaital/ ywlfiH I
irrauKAL ixrrr on to*aooo '..'I m 1 j
Mr. 8BsaKA*Attfoduoed a bill levylag lati?Mjintfc? I
aa tobacco. I
It provides for a tax of twenty cento per pound oa leaf 1
tobacco, tobacco atoms and Rcrajw, aed thirty cento on i
tobacco known aa strips, and require* all tobacco growers, I
oa or before the 1st of August, to notify the asbistaut I
assessor of their respective districts of the number of 1
aorea planted in tobacco, on the pain of forfeit of five I
hundred dollars for each acre , and also before IU re- I
moral, when grown, to give notice to the assistant aa I
aeaaor, who shall oauae it to be weighed, marked and I
branded, and numbered, the owners to pay the coat of I
?uch service. It provides further that auoh tobacco may I
be removed to a bonded warehoiiHo and withdraws there- I
from for exportation or manufacture, without paymoat I
of duty, or for consumption on payment of duty, and I
prescribes a Una of Ave hundred dollars and imprison- I
mept for one year for tampering with brands or I
marks. It requires returns to tie made of all unmanu- I
factured tobacco In hand on the 1st of July next to I
the assistant assessor. Unmanufactured tobacco may I
be removed from the place of production, and pro I
ducers or manufacturers may e?tabllsh bonded ware- I
houses under the regulations presorlbed by the Oouimis- I
slonerof Internal Revenue, and tobaeeo stay be with I
drawn from warehouse, manufactured, and returned to I
the warehouse again, under similarly prescribed rsgjtia- I
tiona. It also provides a duty on cavendish, plug and I
twist of tan cento; on tobacco twisted b j hand ten oenU ; I
on smoking tobacco, with sterna la, and on fine cut I
aborts, five cento; on fins sut chewing tobacco ten oenM: I
on smoking tobacco, mads of stems, five Cento; on snufl I
flour fifteen cents; on snull not pickled or scented (If I
the duty on the leaf has been paid), fifteen cento; on I
snuff prepared or pickled, forty cento (when no tax has I
been paid on the leaf tobacco er sna M flour of which It I
la made); on scraps or refuse of etgars, ire cento; on all I
cigars, tan dollars per thousand: an nhemnti er cigarettes, I
In paper wrappers, sold for not over fifteen dollars par I
Mr. Snuor said ths above bUlwas prepared by the
Commissioner of Internal Barents. He moved Ha re
ference to the Committee on Flnanoa, and It was so re
ran naaoLtmoii or tuns to ouraaja. mmmtm.
The Housetoint rseototkm. tendsring the thanks of
Congress to Major General Sherman and his army, was
reported to bare passed the Boose.
Mr. Lain, (rep.) of Ind., moved to take up the above,
and pesa It immedlatsly.
Mr. TnvMavu. suggeaied that It should bo referred to
the Military Committee. Ho was la favor of the reaolu.
tlon, but he desired Its raforsMs, because such a course
had been pursued In relation to other officers? General
Grant and Admiral farrago!
Mr. JoamoN waa oppoasd to the reference. He thought
the sucoess of General Sherman's expedition waa so
signal aa to entitle ito commander and Its soldiers to the
thanks of Congress and of the nation. It had done a great
deal, aa he saw by the reports from. Savannah, towards
suppressing the rebellion ?nd restoring the Union. It
gave great cause for hope.
Mr. Clauk, (rep.) of N. H, said that General Sher
man, In outtlng looae from Atlanta and marching throngh
Georgia, had disregarded all military laws and require
ments, and ha (Mr. Clark) waa in favor of disregarding
the practice and precedents of the Sonato to .thank him
and his arm v for what they had done.
The question was then put on referring the resolution,
and the Senate decided not to refer It.
The resolution then passed without a dissenting voice.
Adjourned until Monday.
Home of
Wmh??mii, Jan. ?, M46
naaatrra of tn bmith#o?iiax isHTrrtmow.
The Houm passed the Sanate bill repealing so much of
tin act incorporating Iht Smithsonian Inatitatlon as ??
quires two of the Regents to bo appointed from men*
bars of the National Institute, the latter having ceased to
exist, v
QDilVICATM or DIIKATI rW MOBTANA.
Mr. Samuel McLean, delegate from the new Territory
-of M?SB*, appeared, qualified and took his seat.
THANKS TO OIKIIili IHIRKiS AH D HIS MST.
Mr. Sombok, (rep. ) of Ohio, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the following Joint reso
lution, which was unanimously adopted:?
Resolved. That the thanks of the people and the
or the U lifted States ere due and are hereby tendered to
Major General Sherman. ?u4 through him to the offloera and
men under hU command, for their gallantry and good eon
duct tn their march from Chattanooga to Atlanta, and thnl*
triumphal inarch through Ueorgta t? Bavauuah. and the oo
eupmlon of the latter Otty, and that *Jhe Preeldont uum a
oopy Of thu resolution to be engro?ed and transmitud to
MiJ [or General Bhermii.
oomnatuoti no asroBT a si stem or itvu taxaiiow.
Mr. Kasson, (rep.) of Iowa, offessd a resolution, which
was as reed to, that the Committee of Ways and Meena
consider the expediency of prov iding for a commission
of members of the Senate and House, with leave U> sit
during the vacation of Congress, to examine and report |
on a system of taxation bearing equally on the property
and industry of the oountry, and the beat means of pro
viding for maintaining the credit and meeting the neces
sities of the government, and -that said commission re
port by bill or otherwise at th* commencement of the
Thirty-ninth Congress.
TBS DUTY OS mtOBTSB FArCR.
Mr. ?? Introduced a MU for the promotion of
knowledge by the suspension of duties on Imported
P"K?i Ml wes referred to. the Committee of Ways and
M**n" Dtsnurr conwr o? aska!?bas.
Mr. Wnaoie, (rep.) of toer* Introduced a bl? providing
for a term ofr the Judicial hlstrlct Court of Arkansas,
which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NIW STAKMBO OOMMITTSSS.
On motion of Mr. Wiiaos a resolution was ?4opted In
structlng the CommiUee on Rule# to Inaulse Into the ex
pediency of creatine two additional standing eommltteee.
one on internal revenue, and the other eta the national
currency, and also Into the expediency of Jt landing
instead of a spactai) coniinlttfi on the Pacific Railroad.
TUB AMXHDMSrr O* THS COSSnTCTIOH ABOLISH IB(I SLAVBHT.
The House then proceeded to the ooantderstlvn of the
Senate Joint resolution, having In vWw the amendment
j of the constitution to abolish slavery throughout the
^Mr/Aaiiunr, (rep.) of Ohio, endowed the words of Pre
sident Lincoln, namely : ? "If slaveir Is not wrong noth
ing Is wrung.' The proposition^ whether this universal
wrong should be perpetuated or abolished was now before
the House. If slavery had never been known in the
UnKed States, and any member should introduce a
measure to ntixlave any portion of the pcqp'u he wou d
be looked upon as an enemy of the human race. He did
not believe Kuch a meaenre eould receive a
vote In this House, yet H was known that vo?ea had been
cast here to keep In alavery men who the laws of
Uod and natore, are as much entitled to freedom aa the
white rasa. The flramera of the constitution were not
guilty of making an instrument which could bs fairly
Interpreted to deprive sny one of Justice liberty and
happiness. If for the last thirty years ?tate?nen bad
ru ed the country? If they had been men who had not
defended and made cotK^lons lo alav^- this war
would not have resulted. He argued that Congress had
the constitutional right to make the amendment, and he
anticipated the most favorable results from such legiala
U(j}r Orth, (rep. ) of Ind. , spoke of the duty and destiny
of the American people. The feeling ?xhlbltod through
out our struggle and in the recent election PJo*?a our
ability and willingness to serve the nation. The rebel
lion must be subdued without regard to ccst or saert
fice. Thia waa the Imperative duly- Slavery, the
causa of all our troubles la dying; but ws must, by a
constitutional amendment, prov id* against J"
existence In the reconstruction of the government
great care must bo exercised Na State mnet be read
milted Into the Union until thoroughly purged of tree
son and able to sustain civil authority and free institu
tlona. The Intermeddling of France and England de^
mauds our senous attention Theaa nations mult be
held to an account for their conduct, and the Monroe
doctrine strictly enforced, even attbahaxard of a foreign
war. These duties discharged, our dastlnv la died, and
In procesa of lima our government will be the only Power
recognized on the continent of North Aoitnoa
Mr RcoriBLD (reo. ) of Pn. , apoke of slavery and lit in
tolerant and belligerent ehoracter If the war ahonld end
without a divialon of the Union, or if the rebellion should
"Kiwe ahould atiUhavethls qu^ionto dlrtrjctour
councils Slavery, In the end, must die. It had cost tns
country loo much suffering and precious Wood u. be per
ranted to live; so the only question was, shall lit dl? >now
by oonstitutlonai enactment, or ahail It linger In party
warfare for a quarter or half of a sentu^longer. pro.
duclng arrimonlous debate and patchwork ^ legislation?
In advocating the power, he said the question was pra
pen ted to the people last autumn, and they had decided
It In favor ?/emancipation. Mr. HooOeld replied to the
remarks heretofore delivered by Mr. Brooks, whereupon
Mr Hwooas, (opp )of N. T., rising, said when the gen
tleman (Mr Bcoflald) speaks of the city I In pMl/ept^
sent, I am bound to say an effort waa made by the federal
government last autumn to control the election In New
York by sending there a bold robber, '" the per
son of a major general of the Army of the Unltea
States ', the robber of public treesnre, who dared I not
erclae the power or attempt to control those whom the
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr ScoOeld) had oallH
thieves and robbers. I can stand any amount of
personal attack upon myself, but when
are called thlevea and robbers, 1 leave It to the
man, after making euch an Imputation, to eav wneth?
propriety and deoency do not reoiiire be should give me
an opportunity to defend the million of people whom
slxiiw^If I bare slandered sny Pjttopofthe
people of New Tork, 1 have learned the fought from
the gentleman's own paper, which had lb"
certain members elected to the city counctla as thieves
Mr Wan" (opp.) of N. Y., desired the Door for a mo
irent; but Mr. Bcolleld refused to yield IV
Mr. 8 wrrntD then concluded his speech, apBMleg to
Mr Brooke to lend his Influence In relieving Jeff Us a
and other prominent rebels from the delusion thstlUH
government seeka to suhJngate tbs Soo<?A while the snjy
object Is to compel them to submit to tha constitution
^Mr'rHANMm, (opp ) of N T., said Mr Pcofleld f sd
utten-d a low slender He did not know which moet to
condemn, llacowsrdlca or meanness. The Mhat"" i.
of New irork required no defence of his. Ho would
' leave his colleague to answer the points of Internf.
Mr. Bhoobs said the gentleman from 1 "?'J*
hsd asked him to go to (he South and assure the p. opie
there that this govsrntnenl never intended to subjurats
them. How waa It poeelble for him to go Uisref H >?
gentleman would procure hlra stick sn opporluuity f
lln< I 'resident, nothing would so much delight sail r' ?
den his heart' He would re, M at there whst ?^^e
useful to Indues them to return to the Union He w >uia
preach to tkem ?h e utter hopelessness 9t tU? ouMect, and
that If ih.tjr u?4|d on ? ?pernio independence l? wonld
never be mibinuted to bv (he people of Ike Noi th H*
wowld endeavor to aasvre them thai eren M largr portien
If Iki republican party would U glad to iacv)v? Ihem
tack m ibn ba^u of U1KW' rtglfts and boveiriKnty tinder
the eoaailiuliuo The K'jmlenma from PenaejrU-Hma
took oooamtiit to mad hew York a lecture for her -inn
and cristas Pennsylvania wan the Uat place to lecture
Now York. Pi-nasyfvania records, M and out <d tba
Jjbbf, will UM bear iMrealigatlon Yh? Stale and o*y of
itew York are fir fr,>m living perfect, but the schools i>f
V toe and corruption iu New York are virtue Kaelf compared,
with the legislation of Pennsylvania. Why do Pemihyl
vanla politicians visit New Yt.rkf It U ilia cradle in
which they are rocked The cU.?ic pl;ice described a* the
Ifive fuuitn la the great Mecca? the place of Inspiration ?
and if the records of the police could be suarcbed tliey
would not be creditable to many citizen* of Pennsyl
vania. Now York 18 not withntu Ra urns, but It ia the re
fuge of the North, and particularly of the State of Penn
sylvanta. When thieves and robbers a?* aaid to govern
the city of New York, thore Is no language suillcieuily
strong to burl hack on Pennsylvania
Mr. Iteooas further replied to Mr AcoAeid, alluding to
ike noble charities of New York, her response to the
national call to arms, the defenne of Pennsylvania by the
troope of New York, 4c. Be denied thai t' i South had
always governed, or that the North hint I; mii controlled
bf that section ? and ia ooncluKlon suid as long as ha
was permitted to speak he would repent the Scriptural
language? "Peace on earth and good will to 'man. "
The Bouse adjonrued.
Tike Publication of the List of Uncalled
for Letter*.
INADEQUACY OK THIS PRK8KNT BATES OP PAYMENT
AI.LOWKD BY C0N0KE88.
[from the Washington Star, Jan. ft.]
We lately set I'ortk at some length the inadequacy of
the present rites allowed by (Vingress for the publication
of the Post Office list of uncalled for letters.
The price allowed for the work iu question does not, as
shown by as, pay by a third the bare cost even of setting
the matter up, to ssy nothing of the valuable advertising
space wholly sacrificed to give room to the list of names
grown so extenslve*during the war.
The Nsw Yore Bkkalo, some time ago, declined the
farther publication of the list on this ground, although
the expenses of printing are much less in New York than
in Washington; and- we, in noticing the fact of the
?maid's declension, gave It as our belief that every
other paper In the country publishing the list must follow
the Bbrald'b exampTe unless Congress should speedily
aaa the Justice of increasing the rates of payment far
this class of work In seme proportion to the greatly in
creased rates of printing office expenditure.
* Am Congress has shown no disposition to aflbrd the re
lief needed, and as we oan otherwise use the heavy
amount of space now oocupied-by the list to considerable
more advantage to our readers and to our own pecuniary
advantage, we bare notified the Postmaster or our pur
pose to decline the further publication of the letter list
at the present Inadequate rates.
THe la Bcrgea Tnnacl.
1NQUK6T AMD VKBDICT OK I KN8UKB, KTC.
The inquest on the body of the boy Peter 8chenck, of
No. 323 Fifth avenue, New York, who lout his life by the
ooBlsion la the Bergen tunnol on Thursday noon, waa
held yesterday afternoon by Coroner Hanley, at Hudson
City. The body was Identified by John F. Schenck,
brother of deceased, who was in the train at the time of
the accident.
Isaac Cassel, engineer on the Erie train, testified that
he left Long Deck, Jersey City, at noon on Thursday,
and on arriving at the east end of the tunnel the flagman
kept him there live mlnutos, by using hi" xl^uul a* If
something were ahead. Be th?n proceeded with his train
through the tunnel at a little less than eight miles an
hour, and, on approaching the went uud, ho heard the
explosion of a torpedo, and only had time to blow the
whistle onee when the engine ran into the Morris and
Zone* train.
Solomon C. Dodd, fireman, and Henry Hunter, con
ductor, corroborated the above evidence.
Edward Baldwin, bra Iceman on the Morris and Essex
train, deposed that he was on the platform of the rear
' car; they left Hobokeu ?>t fc quarterfto twelve o'clock,
noon ; he had two red lights and a white one on thu roar
platform ; he put on the brake at ttio west end of the
tunnel, before .crossing tli? Erie track, to make the usual
stop; upon ^Starting tgaia the cars became detached,
when he imrnedlatclr took a rod light and two t^pod<?'3
and started back, placing the torpeducs on the track
about two hundred and thirty feet distant i>fion hearing
the Brie train approaching ; then proceeded u little fur
ther and oomnu'nced Waving the red light until thu iocu
motive came opposite, and then threw his light on to the
InwoMve to attract the attention or the engineer; the
enfine passed on unt 11 It exploded one of the torpedoes,
when the whistle was blown onoe ; he then returned ana
saw tbe cars all Jammed together
C. F. R. Moore, conductor on tho Merris and Essex
road, deposed that he had a mixed train of live passenger
cars and from twenty to twenty -live freight can, with |
two euglnee ahead; Jio stopped at the went end of tho
tunnel at the usuu place, and In starting again a bolt
that connects the cars broke: he Inimeil lately sent a
light and torpedoes bock into the tunnel, and then pro
ceeded to connect the train : while In tho act of doing
this he heard m train approaching, and gave a elgual to go
ahead, bat before the train bad moved tbe collision oc
curred ; all this occurred in about five minutes.
Tbe teHtimuny of two or three other wlttuwn was
taken, but without adding any material facta.
The Jery, after being out nearly two hours, rendered
the following Verdict: ?
"That deceased, Peter Rohenck, came to his death by a
collision between the Morris and Essex train and the Krie
Railway train. Further, that the Morris and Essex Rail
road Company are to Maine for gross negligence in run
ning their train in so careless a manner by attaching a
passenger train to a heavy freight train, thereby endan
gering the liven of so many passengers "
The Street Sweepers.
MSBTINO or TBI CITIZXKS' ASSOCIATION? TBB
HKtfCX* INJUNCTION TO BK MODIFIED.
At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Cltl
sens' Association, the following motion was otic red by
Robert B. Roosevelt
That, as great suffering would be entailed upon the
laboring men who have done work la cleaning the streets
under, the fhlth of municipal officers, by the contionance
of tbe Injunction (Attained by John Becker, and as Mr.
Hecker^ at the earnost request of tbe association, and to
prevent Innocent persons from suffering for tbe wrong of
others, has consented to modify tbe injunction so far as
to allow the payment of men who have actually done
work for the city.
Therefore, It Is resolved that Demon B Eaton. James
II Whiting, Adam W. Sole*, Peter McMartln. John, Mo
Eseson, Charles Tracy, William B Neileon, John Vahder
po?i and J. A Bartiett, be appelated a committee to In
vestigate all claims by street sweepers and other laborers,
the payment nf which is restrained by tbe injunction ob
tained agclust As <-lty Inspector and others by Mr John
Becker, and that they report to him all those that are
Just ana valid, la order that the Injunction may be modi
fied so far w to allow their payment.
Tbe resolution was carried, and the committee will
meet at n time and place to be advertised hereafter, where
such of the men as have aotual, honest claims against the
city may proaent teemselve* and prove their rights. As
soon ss this Is done, the injunction will be modified and
they will be paid
Tne cartmen and ether laborers Interested In this mat
ter are to have n meeting to-day. It Is probable that the
matter win he irmaged and the men paid the amounts
dne them
SHENANDOAH.
Mr. Theedere C. Wilson's Despatch .
Banna's Fnaav, Jan. 4, 1M1
Since tfee announcement that General Ins 1s to "as
tonish the world," we are In receipt of ^mrlety of ru
mors tending to make people believe tbafWe rebel army
is Just now doing "something very mysterious. " It is
not for me to publish thsee rumors, yet as far as they
"reach" they create a very decided sensation.
Our cavalrymen are after tbe rebels In Loudon.
Deserters oome In every day. Five cams in to day.
The weather Is very cold
A fist ailed survey of the Potomac river, from George
town to North and South forks, Is being made by the
offloers of the Coast Survey, under the direction pf|tn?
Engineer Department of the Middle Military DivflHsn. j
THI RAPPAHANNOCK.
Expedition on the Rnppnhnnneek-De*
Straetlom o t Rebel Powder nnd Torpe
daes Arrlvni Vef Prisoners.
W arhi kotow, Jan. 6, IMS.
A detachment of men from the Potomac flotilla, under
doting Master Toll, landed on the Rappahannock river
on Wednesday, about six miles above Its month, and de
stroyed two barrels of powder and two torpedoes which
the rebels had there oollected
The Mil bent this morning from City Point brought up
ssventydve rebel prisoners and dssertors, who have all
taken the oath of allegiance.
Mews from Mew Orlenns.
Cairo, Jaa. 6, IMS.
The steamer Olive Branch, from New Orleans 29tb,
has arrived, with the malls for the North and East, and
the Nineteenth and Twenty seoond Kentucky Infantry,
en ronle to Looisv tile, to be mustered out
The transport Exact was reported la a sinking conrfl
tloa outside the bar at tbe mouth of the Mississippi
river, having oollldod with another vessel off T?bv \
In the absence of our cavalry from Raton Rouge the
rebels were demonstrating against that place. A con
siderable force of them were conceal rating at Clinton, In
A movement of troops was said to l>e going on at Mem
phis, the particulars of which would be oontrabsnd i
News from Jepnn nnd China
- Mas Fha*< wen, Jan ?,
A'lvloes from Yokohama, Japan, to November 30, re
port the murder by the Japanese of two Brlfleh 'iftoers
The British Minister had drmsnd d the arrest sr,d punish
ment of the assassins, snd eWild take measures to com
pel it Tl<e Japsnet-e suthorlti" xhow a ?1> ;?Jslllon to
comply with the demand
North Chins advk-o* snronm s the w^ck of the British
gunboat Rtir-phorsa, Noven '?tI, in f*. May of Hangman,
*n t a lose of eighty nine of her off>?rs >nd ? en
ADDITIONAL FROM EUROPE.
Au Anglo- French Recognition
Mooted.
THE SAffO-GE&X&N DIFFICULTY,
&c., &o., Ac
Oof European flit* special correspondence IJ (ho
Asifc, dated to (be 34 fi-t/t December, reached this city
from Boston" yesterday" eaorui fig. Prom both a our ?e
have full dbuila of our i#le>jniphic reMAXrum BaliUs.
with uf wb matter of ft very interesiintfMLratlu-r Import
ant character'.
Thomas Skalfe, who wa.? associated wtlh Marsdnn, the ,
ironmaster, in the attentive forgeries on the Leeds Bank I
ing Company, England, was tried at the Leeds assixea, I
and sentenced to flfleen years' penal servitude.
The Manchester Guardian of th e JWd of December ob- i
serves that while the two Canadaa and their uel^hborn j
?re arranging the terms of ? close confederation, the
chief colonies of Australia have been approaching tho
verfceof civil war; and are actually harassing one another
with hostile tariflk. While the British Americans are
uilttihg to defend themselves against any foreign enemy,
tho New Zealandors are entangled in a wretched struggle
with the nftUvr tribes, whloh would leave them but little
force to resist a hostile Invader, should any -turn of poli
tic* lay them open to attack.
The London ?Star' says that Mrs. Macready, the Ameri
can actress, is performing In the character of Peg Wof
flngton at Belfast, Ireland.
Rtrngnltioa .
POSITION or FBANOE AMD KNQLAHD TOWASDS THE
UNION.
[Paris (Dee. 33) correspondence of the London Post )
The relations of the Kreaeh government with that of
the United States resemble very much those of Urea*
Britain. Prance has not given satisfaction either to th*
North orthe South. Ib all instances Prance has listened
to the representations of American agents with courtesy,
ami, a* ia the case of the vessels that were buUt in F reuch
porta for the1 South, observed the strictest neutrality. The
Emperor, too, has oflsred, it will be remombered, to
bring about a suspension of hostilities. The North, bow
ever, mutt know that the sympathy of Prance is with
the South, and there lingers about the minds of the
Northern men a conviction Mo* botA France and England
desire to recognize the South. Th* relations, therefore, b*
tuieen Paris and Washington cannot b* cordial They are
rather ltke that of two persons who do not desire to
quarrel with each othsr. Mr. Lincoln's foreign attain
paragraph' will not Improve this reciprocal attitude.
Mr. Lincoln'* Re-Rleetlon.
KBKNCH OPINION OF TUB POLICY OF THK PRESI
DENT.
[Vrom the Revua dM Deux Koodes, Dec. 1ft.]
The tint words which fell from the lips of the Presi
dent after the re election were words of peace and con
dilation. General Butler, In ? 8i>eeeh which ho made
before leaving New York, also gave It to bo understood
that pacific proposals would noon be made to the South
eni Suites. The misfortunes and the emotions of the war
have not aroused any imtiment of \fngtanc or of hatred
in the hearts of the inhabitants of the Ntrrth. They are
ready to roatore to th? Southern States all their constitu
tional rights, to cover everybody with a generous
amnesty , to consider all the decrees of conilscation a deud
letter. Thev merely ask of the South the renunciation of
an institution henceforth considered incompatible with
the Uulon. Never since the common cemi'iit of the war
haii the North foil Itself so powerful, so united, so con 11
dobt; all doubt, all hesitation hat disaytpen red ,*h o war har
henceforth Its definitive meaning; all the forces of
the nation have found a common ol?joct. This uncon
scious purpose, pervading thousand^ of iMividual minds,
has at last become aware of lis own enkince. As the
' prieo of so much bloodshed, of so many tears, exertions,
and troubles. It asks one thing only, "the Union without
slavery. " Wie popular verdict has already oxcited ieep
agitation In the Confederate ranks. Mr. Jefferson /lavie
aud Ills friends liopcxl that the democratic parly would
obtain the victory ; they believed the North exhausted,
discouraged, divided, and oven If Mr Lincoln wernelectod
tbey at least expected that bis majority would bo too
email to assure his moral authority. If a new civil war, |
grow out of the existing civil war, if the factions armed i
' against each other in the towns and in the States of the |
North, If party spirit penetrated even the ranks of the
army, the rolielllon regained In a moment all It hsd lost.
A single day has annihilated theee vain hopes-, the
Southern confederacy stands face to face with the
gloomy reality: It sees Its army decimated, half its
original territory lout forever. Its last remaining
cities threatened, Its treasury empty, its credit
exhausted No free vole* can make Itself heant
in those States subjected to the military government ,
but the account* of .prisoner* and refugees, the tone of
the few Southern journals In which regret and weurinoes
may be discerned under an aasnrnnce of ruforccd on
thu<-l"sm, the speeches recently dcllvorod in Georgia by
Mr. Jefferson Davis himself, the messages of several gov
ernors of rebel States, the disgrace of the Vice President,
Mr. Stephens, who formerly made great efforts to pie
vent the secession movement, all lead to the belief that
the confederation Is at thin moment being slowly torn
asander. A silent struagle. has commenced between those
who, satl&Jlud with having vindicated military honor,
have no wish to plunge their country In greater disas
ters, and those who, despairing of victory, wish at least
to surrender merely* sol Hade to their enemies. This
might be foreaeen from the commencement of the re
belllon; the new confederacy contained within it two
germs of death, slavery and the very principle
of secession. The South ruae against the North
becaure It believed Us favorite institution threat
ened; and now, at the end of four year*
of contort!, peopl? begin to talk at Rich
mond of giving acuta to the negroes. and of ottering
them liberty a* the price of their alliance. The slave
owners took up a/UiS In the name of the sovereignty of
the States, and nyw the flovernor of Georgia plays off
that sovereignty against the despotism of Rlch-iioud, and
gives It to be understood that each of the (Jos fader* t*
States can sepemte(y make peace with the North Never
has the logic nhlsh flows beneath the events of history
been more Imperious or more visible ; nothing has be?a
able to retard It* decrees, neither the wurnge of the
Southern armies nor the firmness of that soldier lTast
dent, at unit* military and civil organlxor, around whom
there la aomnthlng of a tragic grandeur to which enen
the most resolute enemies of bis cauae .annot rematn in
?snulhls. If the war In the United States had n an
?rdlnary war that commanding flg'.ce might perbap*
have secured the favors of fortune , but this great con
M I* la reality a revolution, and lb Hie struggle of prln
ctplee at stake the victory will reat with th* csott Preal
dent
Napoleon** Sew *fcr?t?ry.
(Pari! (Den. 21) correspondence of London Telegraph. ]
(Tharle* Stephen Contl, Counsellor of State? * ('ontcan
by birth? a lawyer of little cote, and a poet of some re
put*, once Attorney General to the republic of B.istt*. a
voter against the House of Orleans, and fbr the expedl
tlon to Rome, ha* been ssreeted by the Emperor for the
moat delicate pout of Private Secretary. The successor
to M. Mocquard entarw on no alight task, and It It need
lea* to say that h* ha* iron bis spurs already on th*
i Acid* of B?n*ja.irilen. Whether the second Secretary
of th* second Empire will be trusted with such secrete a*
tli* Unit, history alone will tell ? oar descendants alone
will know. M Sacalet retain* his under Secretaryship.
Tit* Opera.
A niAD SOPRANO WA.NTBD.
Hitman, who Is travelling In Germanv with Carlotta
Paul, lately published the following advertisement in one
of the l?ipslc journals:?
Talented young Ladles, I am In saarrh of % girl of six
teen or eighteen year*, daughter of parents without
means, well educated, good looking and gifted with a
One voice (high soprano) and decided talent for must*.
Such a young lady I propose to h*ve educated for the
opera at mr expense during three year*, by the best
teachers of singing, first in Germany, thon In Italy, and
last In Paris Aftor ber education la finished she will
receive contract for sis years with the following stipule
tlons ?Travelling expenses for two persons theatrical
costumea, and l.foo thaler* In the first, 2,000 thalers in
< the second, a, 600 thaler* In the third, 3 0*0 tbslers in
* the fourth, 8,600 thaler* in the fifth, and 4,000 thaler* la
i k th* tilth year.
City Intelligence.
PHlSWrTATlOW TO CAPTAIN Wll.UAHSOV, OF TH* POTB
mtrni Psnoiwrr ? Several of the dtiteaa of th* Four
teenth precinct assembled at th* house of Captain WU
llamson last evening for the purpose of pr**entlng that
officer with a testimonial of their appreciation of hla ser
Tics* a* captain of the Fon rteenth precinct Mr. Chauncey
8? baiter, on behalf of th* cUlssas, mad* th* presents
tlon speech, *.id at the conclusion tendered to Captain
Wllllamaon a handsome silver pitcher and 1 700 in t'nlted
State* five twenty boada The Captala reaponded In a
feeling manner, aad a bountiful repast, served by the
Captain ? lady, waa then partaken of Toasts and
speeches were made, aad the occasion passed off verr
happily The party broke up at an early hour and with
the ronvlctloa that no member of the department was
more worthy of the gift bestowed than Captain William
ton
I'oriimnR Umra? Btatm Tasascav Norm ?A man
named William Savage was arrested last evening by
offloer Morlng, of th* Hliteeath precinct, on * charge of
having panned a counterfeit five dollar nnlt*d Stats*
Treasury note. The prisoner attempted ?o paas the bill at
various place* of) th* Eighth *venu*, but was detected
sad arrested at above stated. The bills are said to bo well
?located.
Hal* of Pjtmw Nrnaa*** --The prise steamer* Rope
?nd l.ucy, were sold at sucilon yesterday. The Hope Is
s side wheel boat of about sit hundred snd llfty ton*
English measurement Hhe was built In England In I'tl
and 'fit, by Jones, Quiggur h Co., and hailed from Wil
mington, N C , being principally owned by Southerner*
engaged In running the blockade tt Ihsl port Sim was
I ^purchased by Artliur l.enry, ol New York, for |)'iT,5M
Mt I,ucy Is an Iron side vvheel steamer, lesr than t?a
years old, built on the Cljde, two hundred s-^d twnty
reel In length, and Is In good conditl< n M'iryors Wu
tier A Brown, of New York, purchased her 1 ir ?
hostun (Vxwier, Jam 6.
Ti:r Ovsnnsn Rot'T* Mr riL* Hup't I.ud'ow an
nounoe* a series of lecture* under kl.o afc ,vc title, be^ln
ning this < venlng, In which lv will nl\?> the lacidentf of
? a journey ncrw the cmtivnt, br',^1; In I'l' < | ri
encea In the mining rr ^ns Mr l.ndlow la s lively
' writer, and We havo^ ?? H,|| c?,ke na Mnufclng
Ifcturer,
Vail of ? ri? ?? Kt|M Urt#
Lm(.
Bumon A* ?; iMf.
While workmen wete engaged rapafrffcg ? building M
[ Holiday street, uour IUllun<>r? ??pet, tbM morning, ?
floor ou which a large number of IfXki had keen pluti
gave way, bury in/ seven or eti<b* men in the rata*.
Three dead bodies have. been Uke?ottt. it tuMr a f
pcrnoiib escafd with slight injurte* A aoullMaM rain
storm la prevtflliug this inoriifng f mIM.
Pcraonal I?teI1lge*rc>.
The Savannah correspondent of the l'aiUdelphla Am
gfffck die following sketch of th<4 parnoiaJ vppoarunoe' af
0?*n( glimun
The picturM and de*cripti?E* which I *?t? seen o#
Ctmerai Slieruwui convey anything tut a jt/jt'lAea of hkr
i hliMjnit In purtemniU he bears ? family 1. teams to hi*
hruihee, .Senator J'/ito Sherman, t>ut has sir "?*er qaaM
lles of icituri) Ai he sal upon hiti home en- "t id a maat
lor mora than two hrrora, I thought him beyu ntconipaft
Hinn the trfo?i Holdwrly flguro in the army II* m about
"It foet iv height, w*h all tlje me turn physic*. power of
vigorous i*Millu age- *X Command, aftd without t? oBnoa
of flenh tti^Hirfliinus or wanting His brow mlntatloe
fcial and free, hentf wo* big, but Mgh, and ' he bM
An keeneat and btf?ag?Mt eye ta the a retf, utd
a- long aquiline none, a* good in way air iho
" Von Duke'u." Thou* pictures and riptlor.j whlck
Rive hliti something like the face of a tiger and th?lM??
neri of a slouch ur an ogre, err upon the wrunaTStd*.
The nldwfaee of SL.riuawgivn# yon as much the .Ml mf
a pr-fwwur us a soldier. TkO full face bristling wrt?tfc*
short cropped osndy motiMache and beard, is m litenr
without fcatng saange He Is a full consponuion <PtbJ*
Yankee soldi-*, and a 11 ae type or the Inlellactual Audwt
oan. Busiiicmh tact and energy instant perception, etm
preh*n*i?o stud? and trno nuiltary are Mem to be <IH
ten in Ills features. Be la fond of his how, and 14 ab
all fond 11 rtWKg , is a. capital tafe-jtor, and a direct Uti^sr.
His familiar manner is eccentric sometimes, but gea*?
rally good humored, and though an uncompromising ;;?^e
dier he Is stiltn large- and kind hearted man? a quality"
to which kin frequent wire for the p6or and humble ds>
gross who hav? followed hie camp will boar witnnes Ab>
th? review he- wore hit beet clothes and a new felt !m% -
which everjr ou suspect* he has donned In hoaor ef Iks "
occupation.
The Format Dnfciatte Ceaapsxr, numbering thlrtMH a
persons, sailed yaeterday for Hasina in the 8twmsM> '
motto Castle.
Oor. Curtln, oW? WNMhi; Surgeon General WltlKML
of Albany: Colonel R. C. Crawford, U. 8. A. ; Col J. W.
Kaater, of Philadelphia, an4 Judge Mendell, of ttswbarc,
are stopping at the Aator Bouse.
Obltasry.
Among the nrttcM of deaths in oar obituary depart
ment to day will be noticed that of J Francis Wallop
Esq. , of the legal flrm of Walton, ? Sherman h RedfleM,
Times Buildidg. The deceased, ' although only twentv
nine yaara of age, Jlnd already given promise of a hrtgu
future as a oommermal lawyer, and his early death wOl
be keenly mourned by his ho^U'Of friends' In this ottgr.
He died ut the roatdenoA of ha parents, No. 201 AtlaaUa
street, Brooklyn, whecee hrn- remains w ill be escorted *?
Oreenwood Cemetery oa Sunday next at two o'olock. ?
THE WEEKLY HERALD.
The Best *nd Cheapest Kempaptr <ta
Mm Country.
The Wksklt Hmmd, ready thia (Saturday) momlag;
will contain:?
A full history of tho Dutch Gyp Canal Project, from Ma
beginning to the oxplneioti of the bulkhead, with taet
dnnta of the worlt, aud Iha/ruuiH of the. Rebol Dofencea
on the James rivor trom Dutch Gap to Drnry's Bluff,
Further particulars of General Sherman's OperaUoaa
at Savannah, (la. ; Hull account uf the Ureal Raid of
General Stoneman in Western Virginia, with details giv
ing the immense amount of property destroyed and the
amount of damage Inflicted on the Robots; The latsat
despatches from the Army under Lieutenant Gen
eral Grant, nuar Richmond, Va. , and from the
Union land and Naval Forces in all portloaa
of the oountry; The Mmwive of the Governor at
tho State of Now. Turk; Tho latest Neww from Eueapa
and all parts of the World; l'oetry; The exciting staty
of "Told In tho/TwIllght, or Nurso Brown's 8 lory;"
Interesting Lltnmry, Scientific and Artistic r?adlag|
Mimical and Theatrical Review for the weelr; tlsiiannsMa
Reading for Fanners and Agrlcultnrlsls; Current Nswa
of the day; Facetiae; Varieties; Valuable Reviews ell
the Money, Commercial, Dry Goods, Boot and Sitae/
Cattle and Horse Market*, and accounts of all Importaat
events of the week.
Terms ? 81 n die subenrl plion , $2; Two copies, $6; fie*
copies, $8 ; Ten copies, $13. Single coplos five ceala
each. A limited Dumber of advertisements Inserted Ja
the WCKKLT BXkALIL
Carrier 'Wanted.? A Hiuart, Aetlyr
to nrrr the ITuuli, ami no other i idu, on a olty
Address Hont, nt Uila oOlce
A Fragrant Breath aail Pearly Teeth
an eaally KCtatned, and those who fall to avail themselves o
the means sbeuld not cjmplaln when aceu??d of gross am
gl-ot. Tho BUlODOlfT will speedily erndiote tin- cause o I
a foul breath, lmauttfylng .in<l preeervlng the teeth te the
oldest agr. sold by all druggists.
Royal Havana lottery.? Prises Cashrt
In golil Information furnished Highest rataa paid fsa
Doublueaa and all kinds of Wulil and hllrer.
TAYLOR A CO., Bankers, 1? Wall streak.
A^Ladles Cslaa Wheeler dt Wllsoa'a
AND OT1IKR SEWING MAt'IlINKM.
rnnSi'B
[From the Boston Traveller, Nov. 18, 1864.1
The Interest manifested In connection with D. Ba
?'Hrlf Hewer," at the bailors' Fair, indicates that it snnpltee I
want long tell, aa K guides the work Itself, relieves tke opo
rater from close n ppTn-allon , avoids landing, and obviates the
net eaalty of heating. on a larue amount or work. It enha
the value of the e*? ii<g msrhine Itself. You will often I
tho remark in front of Itariium'a atand. "Now f am prepared
te buy a aewing machine." The Wheeler A Wilson, lor
there ia a very extenali e rail, avail* It. elf of thla
merit, and has th. ni tor etle at Its ofllue la Washington
street, Boston. The Klorenoe I'ompaoy apply them to aa
their ina< blnoa. Th" "tielf.Sea er" la working en the Wtlrea
A Glbba, Wheeler A Wilson and Grover A M^ker, unaided ba
the hands, aud for sale for all machines, on second floor m
Bariiuin'a Museum. 11 SO. with .Hnctlone, Hent by rae It
Inventor's ollla?, BUfl Broadway, New York.
A Claas la Practical Phrmolegy for t ha.
Instruction of ladt>? and gentlemen will he open at the I
of FOWLER A WBLLK, 3M8 Broadway, <>B Saturday
lug. at 7 o'clock.
A.? I'halon Sells Q.uiM*tltlcs Of His Mlshh
HUMI.HNli I'KKKIIS to of the erotv. but the
knavey business la monopollt'd ij these who coutterfelt the
article.
Batchelor?a Hair Dye? The Best la tha
world. Hsrrolese, reliable, n. untaneous. The only perlMI
Dye. Factory 81 Barclay street.
Ilurdaall's Am Ira Mnlmt-nt.? An la*
fallible cure for burns, ?uald?, sprains, rhmn UHri, gu?.
shot wounds, Ac A single, nnpllr.ttinfi sllaystt.e pilriTraaa
a t.urn the instant it is applied No laaily sl.oald be with,
out IL
Brant's Pulusonsry Hnlaaae Cnna
rauKlis. <olits and ?>ji lumptlon and all tung end tt rosh
diseases. Fw esle by all druggists
Brant's Purifying Kitrsrt U the Hoe*
eerUln purifler ol the blood extant, for *.?'/? b> ?U dru^
gists.
Brant's Pulmonary llaleam Is lltr Orit
remedy known for dloeuat s of the t .rua < and lunge. Per
sale by all druggtata.
Brant's Pnrlfyln?( Kmtraet Is a Purely
veg' Ubie Hlteratlvr, removing nil dlS' ?'a nrlaliig frnqp lab
purity of the tiluod. For sale by all druggists.
Cessghs, Hoarseness anil the Varioas
throat affeettons to which public aiaekers, military o'Tleera
aad sta?srs are liable relieved by BROWN 8 BRO^CI^IAh
TROCHES. Having a direct Inf uence to tbc n l?Vd
they allay pulmonary Irritation.
Charohee Meellrlnee far the L'nfortsinate^
? peg* pamphlet, with fill1 particulars, free 4ddeeeef>ai
W. R Merwln A Co , ta Liberty street. New loeh.
Chrlstaslora's I lair Dya, Preeerna(Hra%
and Wig Itei-nt. wh .|e?. je and retail. No g Aster Hasan
The dye applied by skill ul artiste
Corns. Banlrvaa, Nails. Knlaraesi ilotmts.
all diseases of th^i feet, cared by Ui. lAi'NAMH, No. IV
Broadway - ^
OenMemea's Near# Plns..Twe, Thrre,
four, Ave, stx, emht, ten, P/leen, twef.ty Ave |c v vsMyAea
doltsrseech. For eele by URU. C. Al-f.SN, 4(6 It roadway
one door below t;anal street
If Yon Want to Know, Ate., Rend
MF.nil'AL t!0?MnN BRNNM,
A euiious hook for eurtoas pei>| le end s go-?tbeolr 'of ev?s?
one I'r ne tl Sii To be had St all news deivU ron|MM
tabiee nailed free Address ? ,
Ot K H t'OOTE, 1.ISU Proa.'.eu.m N. V.
- .JVTW 1 *
OH Ky>a l?la?fe We w.
A pempl />% directing how to spe/vtlfy re. '.ere iiftht *s4
glre up ?^?^ta'les, aitlToul aid ?t Hin+e or nie>t>elee Isenk
V? melt mm. en teeeliit of in eeuta AJdreea K B P?.-ta^
H. P., I.'.V Broadway, New York.
Oil l<an?ls for hale.
a.nm tcRK.s FEE 81Mn,E AM? xnx)
sores leased. In Washington and Monroe ro inlles <)?>?*
Tet partlceiara lb<)ulre of V A I.AMi'lVtl,
Ht. NlcliOi.. . H.Het
PrreMent Prlrnlrnm Cnmpenv, l'r?s|?
dent, Veeergo eennty, I'a. , otflre 71 Broadway, N. V ? a?i?a
Valuable < ill Hortng IMniln on Allei-bans river, ll> mtis k
Forrupisa ere' ks, slid M? <'rf sa inn uf ten m>lt ? In "t?>
Invite propogsls for leealng |>o>t:i>ns fi>< oil bertr* pn: rosea.
AMOKY EDWARLA I'i doeai.
The New Vork Wtrkly Revlr*,
Published tble morning.
PRICK 10 CENTS.
l uit p. in ckBT.h.
tt sll the news d^pot* nud tb> American Nowe Company'h
Wltitlovs- Mtn-lrs,
For Hkyligbts, f -r *l'.-ee, f>r Dwelb^pe
MaunU.I?r?n ly
OLA' II KKt.Tf r* Hi .ad way,

