THE WEEKLY HERALD.
The Bait i of till' Hrptibllf)
The inten ling description of tha rplcndid iw arc*.' or
Nevada, Colorado, Idaho and Montana, with the Map of
the groat parks, will be publish <1 in th - Wkwi.v II k h,ii
Of this week. Ag uta will phase wud in their orikni
b; faro Thursday.
?Single copl r, in wrappers, five conn.
TI1K SITl ' VTIOIST.
We publish thin morning >onc later and interesting
despatches regarding tho capture of the Cape Fear rivrr
forts and the subt-oquunt movements of the national
forces In that vicinity. Both the naval fleot and tho army
Commenced moving towards Wilmington on the after
boon of last Wednesday. There Ii yet no confirms! ion of
the report that General Torry had occupied the ( lace;
but on the day the movement commenced explosions in
that direction were heard, and it was supposed that the
rebels wero blowing up their fortifications there, prepara
tory to evacuating the town. A large earthwork on the
?rest Bide of Cai>o |Fear river bad been occupied by
the Union troops, who met with little opposition. A chart
Of the river hail been found, showing where iho rebels
bad sunk the torpedoes, and many of those had boon
taken up. A numb"r planted in tho ground above Fort
fisher had also been removed. Xwo gout lent u who
trore lately, doing but>int.* in Wilmington a;; mer
chants arrived in this city yesterday. They got
bahude the rebel linen wheu I'ort Fit her was taken.
They say the town was not well provided with works or
troops. The departments of North Carolina and foutii
Can ?Una have bxeji consolidated, and bo?L will hereafter I
fea under the command of Uonorat Foxier. We gi\o to
?ay General Amen' official report of the important i?rt
taken by his division In the brilliant action of the IBth
Inst., and an additional list of the casualties on tho oc a- j
A party of rebel cavalry made their appcaimnco in front
%f the Union outpoat pickets near Kuwbern, N. C., on the
?igbt of Uie 14tli last During their stay sum l of them I
Vaecrted to tho Onion Him*, and on Uis ilbcov.rv of this
Mie reuidndor fell back, and were pursued to near Kins
ton by a detachment of the Twelfth New York cavalry.
Itebol desert '.'in are continually coming in at Newborn.
The Union steamer Mystic, while recently attempting to
land aumi paaaeng a* at Washington, N. which for
aome tine had been considered neutml ground, was fired
upon, and Colouel McCbeanuy and anotiier >;entleman
wero slightly wouuded.
Two hundred of Forrest's cavalry wet ? encountered and
defeated on the 18th last., ten miles from ( oJumbus,
Ky , by a compsny of Tennessee Union cavalry, under I
l.ioutenant Nesby. It ii said that from five to ten of
Porrest's men come into Ca.ru daily und take the oath of
?lloqtanoe.
The Toronto Olnb* say* the statement that the Brltl-h
government designs placing thirty gunboat* on the l,?kes
)n the spring In a hoax. The counsel of Bitrley, the
bll -ged Uike Krie pirate, moved ye- terday, in the court
at Toronto, for a writ of hoboa* corpus in bis case, with
tho object of delaying proceedings at pre ont lor his or
tradition to the United Ftatoi;, and ultlmat ly. if po ibl?,
proveuttng his rendition to our antliorttk-a. Toe nrgu
bnent on tho motion will probably bo heard to day. Tho
riaceaslouists of Toronto serenaded Barley's con w e! on
last Friday night, on which occa ion cheer* lor Jeir.
t)aviH wure mingled with chccrs for th Queen of Etig
land.
Tho Richmond papers of Raiurday last anno ;hm the
assignation of Mr. Seddon, ratal (*e< -mt..ry of War, but do
Vol state who Is to succeed him. In the nix 1 S nute on
lest Friday a bill wae panned regaling that portion of a
former art which provided that troops enlisted f?r State
defence should not be required to go beyond their own
Btate limits A long di?cu*?ion took place on the .a me
ftay on the bill for the reorganisation of their artnle- . but
? final vote on It was postponed till Thur-day of this
^reek. The rebel House on last Thursday, by a vote or
forty three to thirty-one, Instructed one of their coa
tnlttonn to report a bill for the seixnre of all Cotton and
tobacco on govornmcnt account. Mr. Focta made his
Appearance in tho Itouse, and gave an explanation of his
focent attempt to reat Ii Wa. Ulnj ton He explained that
lie was on an Independent mission for the negotiation
?f peace, and took occasion to express his opinion of
Jeff. Dsvis and sovoral oth r chief rebels In language
^ery unoompltmentary to them. At the coaclt* ion of
4ii a spirited h irat.i ue ha for tlie second time fori x "r took
leave of Uio House. A resolution for his expul. Ion was
Introduced and referred to the Committee on Elietlons,
Ciptalti rtemmes, being in lllchmond, was un ?nlmouKly
|n\ ited by tbe House to r seat on the floor. Tho lynch
burg lifmbUcan fay* that nitrations at the Saltvillo tall
woiks will bo resumed by tho l"t of February.
CONOBZSH.
hi the Senate yo.-terdsy, a communication was re
Qeivod from the He< rmary of War, stalln.; that r pliea to
paveral oalla for lufoimatlon, which had been madi dur
ing his absence at Savannah, will be sent in as Fpeodlly I
lbs possible. The credcutl da of Mr. Howard, r? clected
Cnator from Michigan, w> ro pr einicd. A resolution
opted by tho Missouri Constitutional Con
tention, and a Joint ros utlon of tho Oiro Leqla
?*iure, in f*vor of tha constitutional amendment abol
Kahtng slavery, were also presented. A petition
Bulking for an exchange of pnaonors of war was referred
Co the Military Committee. Th-* Secretary of War an
Mouni^s Uiat the tatlre subjool of tUe ea?hAag? of pri
saners has bo?a placed la the hau ls of General Grant,
au<t that there to reason to boliove that a full exchauge (
will noon be o (Tooted. A memorial of Ohio publishers,
a .king fur the abolit on of the duty on printing
paper, waii referred to the Finance Committee. A bill
in eflbct I l crenel ug the pay of onuy oOicors in the
Sold was mtroducod and referred to the Military
Committee. It In r ases the commutation price of ra
tions for all oflirers below and including brevet brigadi rs
from thirty to fifty c -uts, gives volunteer oioen three
months pay oa being honorably mustered oot of service
at the ilose of the war, aud also Mi eves all orticors of the
army and navy from the pay wont of the Inrome
tax. The Conference Committee on the Deficiency Ap
priation bill reportod that they could not agreo u|>on the
House amendment lucrea-ing tho pay of the em
ployed of the Houso; wlicroupon th > Seoati, by
a voto of twenty-live to one, refused to aocetfe to the
proposition for an increase of pay, and a new Committee
of Conference was ordered. The case of ex-Surgeon
General Hammond 'was transfcrTOd from tho Judiciary to
the Military Committee. Mr. Clark, of New Hampshire,
offered a resolution, which was ordered to be printed,
declaring, as the sense of Congre#, "that no nngotlation,
terms of settlement, or concession, or compromise,
be entered into, proposed, yielded or made with
the rebels, directly or indirectly^ until they have
manifested their implicit aud unconditional submis
sion to tho authorities of the government ; and further,
that, however much peace may be desired, the present
war must be waged with all the reso irces and energy of
tho government until said submis.- ion shall be secured,
and the supremacy of the constitution and the laws es
tablished over the entire territory of the Unltod States
as heretofore claimed." A Joint resolutiou to amend the
constitution so as to permit Congress to levy export du
ties was submitted aud referred to the Judiciary Commit
tee. The resolution of thanks to General Terry was
adopted, as was also the Joint resolution for the purchase
of the Now York Merchants' Exchange. The bill defin
ing Uie rank and pay of paymasters in tho navy was dis
cussed, and after an executive session tho Senate ad
journed.
In tho House of Representatives, a joint resolution,
substituting for the twenty per cent duty lovied on
pi intiug paper, a duty of threo per i ent ad valorem, was
adopted by a vote of ninety -seven to forty. A resolution
of thanks to General -heridan wu3 referred to the Mili
tary Coinm Uee. Resolutions of the New York l,o isla
tur<, in favor of the constitutional araondm ut
abolishing slavery, wore presented end referred.
The Military Committee were authorized to send for per
| sons ami papers and examine witnesses in refer nee lo
tho treatment of prisoners of war. Tho diliii :u!ty bo
t.v eu Mr. I'M Id, of Louisiana, and Mr. Kclloy, of Penn
sylvania, wn? brought up, on a resolution providing for
the upjiointment of a selet t committee to inquiro into tho
farts, wl ich was agreed to; and it was al .o ordered that
pending tho Investigation Mr. Field be excluded from
the lloor of tho House. Mr. Brooks, of New York, some
time sim o called Goueral Butler a "gold robber," re
ferring to a transaction at New Orleans involving tho
sum of fifty thousand dollrtrs in coin, and tho General
si lit u note to Mr. Brooks, by an niil-do-camp, requiring
nn explanation of the offensive ad|cctive. Mr. Brooks
brought the subject before tho House ou a question of
privilege, and nn interesting dtncussiou ensued, which
continued till the adjournment.
THE LEGISLATURE.
In the Stuto Senate ye.terday a bill was reportod
against localizing tho proceedings of the New York Com
mon I'ou uc. I for the benefit of the Gorman Hospital,
which was adopted. A connn inicatinn, report
in; pro.re.-8. was received from the commissioners np.
po'nted to erect a public market in Now York. Blls were
noticed to remove tho restrictions us to faro on tho
Hudson Ha or Railroad; also for tho ap)>ointinent of
commissioners to erect an armory for the Eighth regi
ment. Bills were introduced in relation to the use of
slips and wharves lea ed to the New York Mail Steam
ship Company ; for aid to the Children's Aid Society of
New Yoik; also the Metropolitan Health bill. Several
bills were ordored to a third reading.
In the Assembly notico was gl\ en of a bill to rod ice
the rate of fare on the Fulton forry to one can*, and on
the Hamilton avenue forry to two cents. Tho Metro pah
tan Health hill and Metropolitan District Klre bill were
introduced; also a bill increasing the wlory of Justices
ofSotMon to five dollars per day. Bills Incoiporating
the New York Yacht Club; the Atlantic Base Ball Club
and tho Union Yacht (Mub of New York wore ordered to
a third reading. ;
MISCELLANEOUS NEW8.
Tl?? Board of Supervisor* mot yesterday and appointod
t'.elr snooial and standing commiueos fur tho c 'rrent
year. Thoy adjourned till to day.
Tlio Hoard or Aldermen war*) unable to mutter a quorum
.router. lay. Consequently no business wan transacted by
til em.
The Board of Councilman hold a abort session yes tar
day. A resolution waa adopted directing the Comptroller
not to pay an>* Dins i-ji uju ?*i.? ?> ->i
iniia of the Hoard In any of the corporation papers when
such proceedings are not published in the next a ioc*od
ing Issue of the papers; also a resolution directing the
issuing of teu thousand copies of the Cor)>ontl?n Manual,
at a oo/t of thirty tiro hundre<l dollars The Board ad
Jo mad til! Thnrsda) next.
The evidence on both sides In tb< Millnpaush Adams
suit, In the 8upr?me Court, before Judge I/aonard, waa
closed yeg'enlay. On Its con lus on the oounsel for
Mr. Ml'.Upaugh moved the excl sion of all testimony
relative to tho procurement by Mr*. MilU|>augb, in the
Ptnto of Indiana, of u dlv >rce. The Judge postponed the
rond ring of his doei -inn on the motion till to day. After
It la given tho summing up of counsel will be paocoed'd
with.
A motion waa mado yesterday In the Supreme Court,
by th ' Corporation Counsel, lor tho ap)<ointmnnt of the
tliruo commissioners to locate tho new Croton reeenrolr
t > b" obstructed 011 tho upper end of Manhattan Islind.
Tho CMtou Hoard have every thin ? arranged for com
m nrinn work on It, and a. noon n- Kprln? opens It will
he proceeded with.
Ye- terdsy was fixed upon for tho hearing, before Re
corder II illiiiaii, at chambers, 63 Wail street, of the libel
nit of l'eter I! Swconv again it Rrustus Brooks, of the
Krj>r**t. An adjournment wa ; had. by consent of counsel,
and tho ease stand- over till the first Tuesday in Feb
r mry, tho 7th proximo.
Thotii.il of Iloruard I'riery, Indlcto 1 for the murder of
Harry I/i/jiru*, waa conimonood yesterday In the Court
of General Sessions, before Judge Russel. Counsel for
the prisoner uioved a further post|>oncmcnt of th? ease,
on th.) ground of t..e ab-once of a wilnaap named John
Ilaves; but tho motion waa denied, and the process of
empanelling a Jury commenced and continued unlll
seven o'clock, when the jianel was oxhau -tod. Fonr
J':ror-i wore sworn. Judge Rnssel ordered an additional
pjin' l to he r> tii' nod on Wednesday morning.
The city and vicinity ware yostorday visited by another
rain storm, which continued, with occasional intermls
sions and change* to mist, throughout the groater |>art of
the day. Skating was, of course, again suddenly brought
to a termination for tho time being.
Y'-eterday was the day for opening. al the Street Com
ml Moner's olTlca, the bids for lighting the city with gas;
hut owing to the non attendance of tho Comptroller the
matt r had to he postponed
A Are a? No. 43 Fulton street, between nlna and len
o'clock la. i night, destroyed property of tha occupants to
the amount of about ten thousand dollars, and damaged
the building to tho extent of nhiv.it flvo thousand. It
Is not known how the lire originated.
The dead bo ly of a Foldii r named John Conni"?n, a
member of tlie Second rvnlsr infantry. aged about thirty
yearn, waa found on last Hat .inlay evening lying OB the oast
side of Governor's Island, where the regiment to which
he belonged Is station oil. He had evidently been mur
dered, as his skull watershed, and there were other
marks of violence. Nothing to Indl' iie who committed th#
inurdor has yet been ascertained ; hut a coroner's Inquest
Is to !>e held on the body to day, when the mystery tur
rotindiug the case may possibly he dispelled.
The Kings county frwrd of Supervisors have succeeded
In effecting the reduction of the quotas of tho Second nnd
TMrd Congressional dlsliicta undor the President'! lout
call for three hundred thousand trn ips from seven thou
sand six hundred to two thousand and sixty two This
has been accomplished hy presenting to Provost Marshal
(len' r il Fry figures showing an ex. ? ive enrolment 'ind
a largo number of o&littmenti for which cre '.it had not
been glvon.
We learn from San Franr,i*co that the Monitor Caman
cho made her trial trip from that city on last Saturday.
Tho \arlous portions of this vessel were manufactured in
the \ l' lnlty of this city, but, without being put together,
were shlpp d to the Pacific coast on board a sailing ves
sol, Wlide lying In Han Francisco harbor this vessel
sank, and the dismemliered Monitor went down with her
She was afterwards raised, when tha Camancho wag put
In thape, and she la now ready for service.
In another column wa girt details of moral railroad
accidents, *11 of which ocoorrod last week, and by wbick
four penning wore killed and about sixty wounded All
apiwar to bare bo n the result of negligence.
The City Inspector report* M8 deaths In the City
during the week ending on the 23d of January ? a de
crease of 42 as compared with the mortality of the week
previous, and 54 less than occurred during the corres
ponding week last your. A gratifying feature in this
week's report is the decrease In Uie number of cases of
smallpox, there having been only 28 deaths from this
duoa*e, while U iriug the previous week there were
over 4" There are oldo now fewer cases of it under
troatme it than there were a week ago. Provision U
ma le by the city authorities for the free vaccination of
all person* who apply. An advertisement of the Mayor
regarding this matter appears in auolUer column of the
11 SKALD.
The stock market showed improvement yesterday
morning, but gave way to a seuu-pauio in the afternoou.
Governments were dull at the first board, and depressed
afterwards. Gold tended upward at tha opening, but
closed weak at 198 X.
The Next Prentdency?The Money <tuee
tlou and the Monroe Doc trim ? Mr.
Seward again Looming up In the Fore
ground.
It ia generally expected that, with the inau
guration of Mr. Lincoln's second Presidential
term, there will be some modifications of bis
domestic and foreign polioy, and at least a
partial reorganization of his Cabinet, adapted
to the present condition of things, and the new
and important duties whloh lie before him it is
generally understood that Mr. Fossenden is
merely awaiting the convenience of the Exe
cutive in the appointment of a now Secretary
of the Treasury; that this appointmont will not
be delayed beyond the 4th of March, and that
it will probably exert a powerful influence in
determining the adnvnistralion prograrawe
aud candidate for the Presidential uuocession.
In this connection, whatever tuny be tlio
reconstruction of our Presidential parties for
1*C8, and whotbor limited to two parties or
extended to half a dozen, it is manifest that the
money question and the Monroe doctrine will
bo l!io ruling issues of the day. It needs no
olaborato array of facts and figures to establish
the primary importance oft!:o mon?y question,
and the advantages or misfortunes which win
acorne to the party in power from its manage-*
in"nt of our national finances in tho interval
to tho next Presidential election. The slavery
question before that day will cease to bo nn
element of discord or agitation; for in the
meantime, through an amendment of tho con
stitution, this bone of party contention, sec
tional animosities and civil war, will be removod
from the country. It will be superseded by
the raonoy question, and, perhaps, by the revo
lutionary pressure of a sweeping financial con
vulsion. We aro approaching the end of tho
rebellion; but the curront necessities of the
war still demand more heavy loans or more
Treasury notos. The city of New York, wbicb
has thus far been the main relianco of tho gov
ernment for tho sinews of war, must ?tlll
supply them. Independently, therefore, of all
parly considerations, it is essential to secure a
Secretary of the Treasury whose experience
shall command tho confidence and co-operation
of our banks and capitalists in bis financial
movements.
Upon this point we cannot doubt the con
currence of Prosident Lincoln. What nun,
then, of all tho probabilities named, ia best
adapted for aud most likely to secure this posi
tion? Not. a mere theorist, we should say, liko
Mr. IJoutwcll; nor a man of one idea, like Mr.
Thoddeus Stevens; nor a haphazard experiment
alist in vis onary speculations, liko Mr. Robert
J. Walker; but a practical man of business and
of useful experience in financial affairs. Such
? man, ex-Cover nor Morgan, of New York,
now one of oar Senators ia Congress, we are
gratified to believe, is the very amn most likely
to be next plaoed in charge of the national
Treasury. From his long, useful and soooessiul
experience a? a Yark be po*.
?eases, in a high degree, the ooafideaoa of our f
banks, capitalists and business men, and that
intimate knowledge of onr floancial and com
mercial affairs so essential to tbe suroesw of
hoavy Treasury requisitions ia this quarter.
Assuming, therefore, that bis superior qualifica
tions for tho office, at this crisis, will secure him
the appointment indicated, we reach the fl ,-st
link of a chain of political combinations which
extend to the next Presidency.
With the retirement of Mr. Morgan from the
Senate there will be a vacancy to be filled in
that body; with his entrance into the Cabinet,
Mr. So ward will recognize the propriety of
withdrawing, in deference to the established
idea that there ought not to be two Cabinet,
members at the same timo from tbe Burnt- Mate.
Who, then, shall tako tho place of Mr. Morgan
in the Senate, and what is to be done with Mr.
Seward? There aro several outstanding or
hold-over republican candidates for the Senate;
but wo consider them all eclipsed by the
mere ?nnoun<-m?nt that the venerable Thnr
low Weed, the "King of tho Lobby," would
not hesitate, ii offered, to avail himself of tho
opportunity of rounding up his industrious
political career in the United States Senate.
And why not? Is thore a man in all the coun
try more thoroughly skilled in all tho arlH and
mysteries of legislation than Thurlow Weed?
Not one. Who can estimate the value of such
a mm to the administration in the Senate
in detecting the schemes of the lobby? He
evidently has the control of the State Legisla
ture, and so we may set down Mr. Weed for
tho present place of Senator Morgnn.
This brings us to the main question ? where
is Mr. Seward to go? Where else, I tit to Eng
land, to relieve Mr. Adams, our Minister at Lon
don? But Is not Mr. Soward a tcmporiaer on
the Monroe doctrine ? No. Wo grant that ap
pearances are against him; bnt appearances are
often deceptive. President Lincoln has ad
hered to tbe principle of one war at a time.
He has been, therefore, and is, tol?rat:ng, but
only tolerating, the new Franco-Cermanic om
pire in Mexico. The day of toleration, however,
Is drawing to a close with the closing scenes
of tbe rebellion. Mr. Seward, if tran iferred
to England, will go there as the messenger, ex
pounder and champion of the Monroe doc
trine. From his long and distinguished career
as the head und front of the anti-slavery move
ment of the North, on the stump and In the
Senate, and especially from his learned and
voluminous diplomatic correspondence as Sec
retary of State during this war, Mr. Seward, as
our Minister to England, and as tho champion
of tho Monroe doctrine, will occupy a grand
and commanding position. The arbiter of tho
balance of powor on the American continent,
he will at onco occupy the first seat in the front
rank among tho diplomats of listening Europe.
What then ? A few words will suffloe to ox
plain. With the rebellion put down, Mr.
, Seward's diplomacy on the Monroe doctrine,
I backed by the (jombin^d armies of tho North
and South, will be signally told, grand and
HUccowfuL lie will be hailed u the lining son
of the administration party ? he will be nomi
nated an the candidate of that party in 1868.
Like Buchanan, in 1856, he will have escaped
the squabbh a of the politicians in being out of
the way, anil will return in triumph, to reach at
last tho goal of his ambition. This is the cul
mination of our Presidential programme, hing
ing upon tho transfer of Senator Morgan to the
Treasury Department
We are assured, however, that this first move
may be confidently predicted, and that, with
President Lincoln, it covers this magnificent
scheme in bohalf of Mr. Seward as our next
President What is there to prevent its success,
with the able assistance of Mr. Morgan in the
Treasury, and of Mr. Weed in the Senate, and
with the Prosident himself at the head of the
combination? From a comparatively insignifi
cant starting point ? the Cabinet quarrels about
Mrs. General Eaton ? Martin Van Buren, in with
drawing from the State Department, became
the successor in the White House of Andrew
Jackson.
Pt-ure Rumor* *nd What they Portend?
The Richmond Proas and the Monroe
Doctrine? The Parle Preae Bewildered.
In tho midst of the various conflicting rumors
and surmises In regard to the prospects of an
early peace, the tone of the Richmond semi
official organ on the subject of tho Monroo doc
trine is particularly significant. In that paper
of the 19th inat., we find revived and endorsed
the doctrine advanced by tho New Youk Herald
at the beginning of tho war? viz: tho re
cognition and enforcement of tlio Monroe doc
trine in order that the North ami tho South
might unite, and instead of fighting among
themselves, make common caiuo against a
common enemy in maintaining tho freedom of
American noil from foreign intrusion and occu
pancy. We can see three objects the Richmond
organ had in view in taking this position at
llii time. Tho tirst is, to ascertain whether a
flight cannot bo produced among European
1'oworB at I he colossal strength of Ibo United
'stale.", in tho event of a cordial reunion, and
thereby preoip'tato recognition and interven
tion. The second is, to prepare tho Southern
mind lor a peace settlement on the basis of
erecting u stupendous naval and military power
on this continent that shall strike European
governments with awe, and enable tho
South to avenge itself upon them for
th'nr failure to sustain Southern efforts
to establish an independent government. And
the third is, to show the North that, if favor
able terms of settlement shall bo agreed upon,
the United State* will be a unit, and becomo a
Power gigantic enough to satisfy the aspirations
of the most covetous and amb.tious among the
people.
Tho almost enthusiastic tone of this semi
official Richmond organ at tho prospective
grandeur of the United States upon tho resto
ration of peace and union, and the expressed
eoni'monts of many of tho Southern loaders in
regard to the war, Jeff. Davis' usurpations and
other matters, all go to show that som;thing
looking to nn early peace is in the wind.
General Foote's indignant withdrawal from
the rebel Congress, and his subsequent con
tumelious treatment at the hands of a Jeff.
Davis official ; General Joo Johnston's decla
ration that ho was out of the army altogether;
General I/ee's refusal to accept the absolute
oommand ot the rebel arm'cs, and other
events of a similar character, all go to show
Uie tendency of the minds of the Southern
leaders. If the elder Blair's first visit to Rich
mond wss altogether connected with his pri
Tato business, there is sufficient evidence to in
dicate that his second journey to the same
capital boars a more important if not an
entirely ofltotit aspoct, althr.?si>,
none outside of government circles are qualified
to state what bis precise authority or mission
is. It L> evident from what has bcon thrown
out by tho Southern organs and leaders, that
they anticipate some propositions from Presi
dent Lincoln. They soem prepared themselves
to demaud, among other considerations for
laving down thoir arms, the recognition of a
portion of their debt; that a general umnoaty
Bhall be declared, and that emancipation shall
be gradual ? not imrnod ut*. Tboy see that
slavery miift be swept away if the war in
allowed to go on, and henee In stipulating fbr
ponoe they will not bo inclined to insist upon
too heavy Indemnification foe the loss 01 their
slave properly. Au attempt will, of course, bo
made to a?cure whatever can bo saved from
tho wrcck of what was once a potential source
of wealth to the South. These urc briefly a
fow of the propositions which the South will, iu
all likelihood, insist upon, and it remains to be
seen how far our governmeut will go in meeU
ing their demands.
The developments on all side* show that wo
may prepare ourselves t* stirring and startling
events within tho coming few months. The
Richmond organ no doubt expected its article
would be copied Into Northern papers, and
through them receive a European circulation.
It cannot be concealed that a sentiment of
Indignation ugainst beih Eagland and Iranoe
is spreading and becoming deep-rooted in the
South. Tho Southern people And that they
have been deceived and cheated by govern
ments from, which they had reason to oxpect
sympathy and succor. But events have proven
that those governments wore alike secretly hos
tile both to the North and to the South, and
that all they aimed at was tho crushing out of
the spirit of republicanism on this continent.
War among ourselves has been fostered and
encouraged by them only for the purpose of
breaking tip the republic, and csUblish'sig
upon IU ruins European dynasties, just, as
they have established them In Mexico, and
just as they expect to in Canada a\<l In
tho Northern British territory of Co'umbia.
But they have found that the tenne ty with
which Americans adhere to republics i liberty
is not easily disturbed. A Piiri/.nn orga*
acknowledges that Ihe "mont chimerical minds
have ceased to speak of interven'ion;" arises
from the experiences of tho rebollion that
"liberty is Hot fatall* destined *> perish in tho
tempests of civil 'wars,'' and declares that in
"the abundance of material and moral re
sources of which" no idea existed, all European
Ideas, including its own, are completely bo
wlldored." V. is no wonder, fur tho war has
been worth/a century to tho South In the de
velopment of Its resources; and to tho North It
has had'thc 'ilfect ot hardening its nerve, en
larging Its patriotism and perfecting it in mili
tary aclenco, to a degree which no amount of
p* aoe Instruction could ever enable It to at
tain. During Its continuance thus far we havo
j discovered and developed a substitute for tho
products of the Arctic and South Baa and
Indian Ocean. We have made a vast
accession to oar gold and silver do
minions, and opened their productiveness
with a rapidity that rivals California and Aus
tralia; wo have built up an immense navy
and organized a tremendous and unconquera
ble army. It is time, then, that Europeans be
came bewildered at our progress; and it ma y
bo that by the 4th of next March peace shall
have been declared, and the united armies of
the North and the South be joined under the
name banners, prepared to vindicate the nation's
honor and to propagate the principles of repub
lican liberty all over the earth. Peace may
come in a night, as at Yllla Franca; and let
foreign nations that have deserted us in this
our groat struggle for national existence look
out for us upon the morrow, when we shall
again emerge from the dark clouds of civil war,
a great, prosperous, united and happy people.
How to Reform the City GoT.r??.?t-A
Commissioner for the Metropolis.
There are now before the Legislature a bill
to create a Metropolitan Fire Department and
a bill to create a Metropolitan Health Depart
ment These bills are Important in themselves;
but they are still more important because they
suggest a perfectly practical, Immediate and
eff'-ctivo method of reforming our city govern
ment. The Metropolitan Tolice Department
has given Buoh general Batisfhotion that It Is not
at all strange that our legislative reformers
should desire to extend that system to all of
the othor departments of the city. Should this
idea be carried eut New York nnd Brooklyn
will bo controlled by a variety of independent
boards or commissions; but as the dep >r -
nients are so related to cach other in the very
nature of things that these commiwions can
not possibly be completely independent, we
should soon have the some wrangling, con
fusion, disorder, inefficiency nnd corruption
which now distinguish this municipality.
aides this, it cannot bo denied that such an ex
tension of the system of separate commissions
would be obnoxious and unpopular. ') be legis
lature would govern the city entirely, and to this
our citizens would not willingly submit. Both
the State and the citizens of this metropolis
have great interests in New York and Brook
lyn; and although those interests arc in many
respects identical, yet in other respects they
are decidedly diverse. Extremists upon both
sides have pushed their opinions to the utmost.
The Court of Appeals has just decided that the
city has no rights which the State is bound to
respect, and especially that the city has no
right to alienate any of its real estate, either
by sale or gift The city rights men, on the
other hand, refuse to acknowledge the claims
of the Slate Legislature to interfere with our
municipal affairs in any mnnnor whatsoever.
Now, is there no middle ground, between these
two extremes, which will reconcile the opinions
of both the State and the city champions, and
upon which all reasonable, indigent men can
(Irmly stand? Wo think there is, and that wo
have discovered it
In every discussion it is well to return to
first principles. The first principles of our.
municipal government may be found in the
Dongan and Montgomery ohirtor. Under that
charter the city enjoyed its golden age. Then
officials were housst and Common Council
man respected. Then all the work was well
dono and the taxes were low. Then har
mony prevailed! and the city prospered.
Studying that charter by the Ught of
the experience of past years, we are
enabled to form* ft plan which ought to gratify
everybody, and to which no sound objection
can be offorod. Let the Legislature pass an
aot by which the Governor is
ouimint ft commianoner ror we metropolis or
New York and Brooklyn, and let that aot pro
vide that the people oC both cities shaU elect
their Boards of Aldermen, as at present and
the work will be thoroughly done. Instead of
ft number of independent commissioners, some
appointed by the Legislature, some by the
Governor and some by the Mayor, we shall
then have a single commissioner, who will ad
minister our attars, with the asV, stance of the
local boards. Brooklyn ftnd New \ork will
then bo under one general government, but
their local interests will be attended to by the
Aldermen whom thoy eloct The municipal
Mayor, who is now a mere clerk and figure
head, will bo superseded by a metropolitan
commissioner, in whott ftU the former powers
of the Mayor can be saf-ly vested. It may bo
msde indispensable that this commissioner be
a resident of one of the two oitius to be
in the metropolitan district; but that, w.th tbo
othnr details, we leave with tbo Legislature.
It is certain, however, that no Governor wou.d
appoint any but a- good man to this high posi
tion, which would bo worthy of the am
bition of any oitiwn. Having such a re
sponsible person, us commissioner, liable
to be removed by *e Governor for cause, we
oould trust him with the power to appoint ar*
remove hi. subordinates, and if anything went
wrong wc should know to whom to look tor Ac
remedy. Thus our wrangles would be c*er;
the irresponsibility of our officials woul * be
at an eud, and the metropolis would b' .well
and cheaply governed once more. N4hing
can be simpler than this plan, nothing more
feasible; and the more it is discussed tbi, more |
popular it will become.
In proposing to unite Now York 8*4 Brook
lyn to form, a matmpolitan district, Ifc will bo
observed, we ?r? proposing no new ^ng. The
two cities are already united to fe<?r? a metro
puliti a police district; and wo Ifcwo yet to
hear anything like complaint u{mu> (bat score
frouioither KiUo of the river. THo same union
js lonti'inpbttod in the bills for a.xaoti-opolitnn
(ll-o district and a motropollCbn. health dis
trict, now pending in the I?cgb1atnrc. The
union in therefore a fact accomplished; and it
it can be extended to \6o department* of
police, tiro and health, why not extend it to ill
the departments, as wv design? Tho ircal
boards, elected by tho jteople as at present,
would tuko caro of tie purely locnl coviems
of each city, and the commissioner would
simply adjust and Wmorktse these lc iwl inte
rests. For example* the strength and Urt> weak
ness of Brooklyuare her ferries. 'Itfuch then,
and yon touch a vital spot Tiat, as matters
are now arranged, the Common Council of New
York 1ms the practical control of tho?e tries,
and dictates the rate* of fprringe. A metro
politan commissioner would soon regulate that
so as to do juBtloe to Ijrooklyn interests. Thus,
whilo the two oi'Jieq Would be united in every
thing whioh \flected both, they would be dis
tinct whore they are naturally independent of
?*oh oU^jr. Nor is oar idoa of a metropolitan
commissioner an untried expert. ,J,ent- It Is a
revival oi the system of the 04 ?'giual, funda
mental Dongan and Montgomery 1 barter which
waa bo successful. That revival ? presented
In a new aspect; but in no part of . owr P'an ^
there a feature which has not been p ractically
tested. The combination of these fa vtures Is
novel and original; but it at once recoi amends
Itself to the good sense of every leg '"lator.
That our respectable citizens will ? gerly
approve and endorse our plan, we do n<*
doubt They are tired of allowing
porter honscs to rule. They are tired of sea ?f
ward politicians elect our officials in spit*
the utmost efforts of honest voters. They m ?
tired of having gangs of Bhoulder hitters clufc
together and force their candidates into tto
highest plaoes in the city government Under
these circumstances they will glady welcome a
commissioner appointed by the Governor, anl.
will gladly confide In him extraordinary powers.
At the same time they wish the people to hava
the right to elect their local representatives la
assist the commissioner in his labors. Nay, tha
best men in the metropolitan district will vol
unteer to accept those positions in the Commoa
Council which are now bought and sold by
cliques of small politicians. We urge the
Legislature to consider these facts, and w?
request Messrs. Munger, White and Humphreys,
the legislative committee, to bear them hi
mind during the investigations they are about
commencing. Unless the Legislature sooa
inaugurates some such reform our municipal
squabbles will be summarily onded by a vigi
lance committee.
Tim Panic and Its Effsot* ? The excitement
and fluttering among tha stockjobbers and onfc
sido speculators which followed the fall of Fort
Fisher conlinuad in Wall streot yesterday, and
shares wore freely offered at a further decline
ou Saturday's sales of two to three per cent
It will bo seen on reference to our money
article to-day thai this sudden depression is not
confined to Now York, but that It has disturbed
the ofruhoots of Wall street in other localities.
Tho most notable feuturo, however, which has
attended the panic, and the one which creates
the most rejoicing among tho people, is the
effect which has already been produced upon
the prices of breadstufls and provisions. Ia
Chicago we learn that wheat fell fifteen cents
per bushel, which is equivalent to a decline of
sixty cents a barrel on flour, and that pork
could be purchased two dollars per barrel
under former prices.
Amuwmeali.
TUB BROADWAY ATUKNAHUK- -HR. HACKBTT.
Ttils unctuouH veteran made his bow to ft city, audienee
l!>4 night, for the ttrst ttine In a groat while, In an enter
to ia muni made up of rocltutiona, imitations, anecdote^
Ac. The house wan rather thin? on oflfect defective that
undoubtedly came by cause of the bad weatlier. The
extracts from Falrftaff were gi .en In tho happiest spirit,
ai. were also the imitations of Kean and the Nimrod
Wildfire story. The uudi<>nce, though small, was w?M
entertained and appreciative.
WALLACES THBATRK.
r/Lst night Mr. Falconer1! comedy, entitled Wen of the
Day, was playod here for the lirst lime. Though the
nl?ht was so extremely unpleasant the house was weft
allot! by a very liberal and generous audience, which ax
tor.d.vl to the play quite as full a meed of applause as It
deserved. Mr. Fisher and Miss Henrique# have the mora
important pails, aud of course did thoin woll; while Mr.
Holland and Mir>.t G'umon contributed largely to the BM*>
rtmint and good humor of the occasion.
MISS LAURA II A KltlH1 CONCKKT.
Notwithstanding the Inclemency of the evening tbe
first couccrt, at Nihlo'g Saloon, of whioh Miss Laura Har
ris w as tho attraction, was woll attended. The appearanoa
of the yoking American prima donna was awaitod through
the opening portion of the bill of the evening with evi
dent curiosity and high expectation, and tbe titbvi of the
young lady In concert was warmly greeted. Hiving
flniahed the beautiful air "O Lmct di Qmut 'anini" aad
rotired, tbe audience encored loudly and persistently,
when the young prima dtmta rea :>neared and sang ae>
echo song. The yoang lady's voloo alternating with the
flute had a striking offcct, and exquisitely evinced MS
purity.
Mta8 B*frts ?teafaKf^.
.j? HlftfllntlWi IS UISIIIUA all P'SUIUIVUVI/ uQR|nOU w
that dolloate sphere of harmony required la the concert
room. She. however, as yet does not possess that q aa
t'ty of vocal power nccessary to meet tho demands aff
the 0|>era. Her manners are full oi'.lnnoeent suavity,
child-like passion, grace and froodon* Mia* Harris wtt*
doubtless find many admirers anion* tbe levers of ooo
eert nnsic. Among the lessor attractions of the MB
were the performances of Mr. Kben, flutist; Big nor
Barill, baritone ; Mr. Vattlaon, pUulst, and Joseph Laws*
ber/, violinist ? still a pupil.
wood's minstrki.8.
A decidedly new thing was Introduced' at Woed%
last nl'ht. It consisted of a short but lively bar*
lesque on tho "rtre.eta ef New York," which, by the*
way, were in a shocking oondliion on tho ooe? lea
of its first representation. Tho llrst sreuo affords a good
view of tho Uuion I'ark, at the junction of Fourteealfc
street, wiih the Everett H>use in the distance. Tha
characters are well cast and the dialogue amusing. It It
all Ethiopian, with colored newslioys, bootblacks and
other local curiosities. The extra viigaiisa hlngs oa
some amiU'lng allusions to the Plop Dill, and a house oa
Are, the latter showing some unique points whioh cannot
Atil to raise a laugh ? a live pig being one of tho principal
performers. The oddity wa? very much appla ided and
will have a good run. The fashionable intillluonce of
tho Plap J fit! is happily hit o(T, es|>eclally Uie reference
to the " Oeriuan-t" of our riite. ISoyco, aa the miwuhoy:
was good. "Black your Hoots'* and "Cbeatnnw*
afl'onled laughable InterJ 'ctiotis. A joke that Lincle Abe
furnished th" fun for tho Play Itiu elicited a mirthful
round, and the question, while a bootblack was noliahlaf
a boot, " Why Is my boot like Horaco Greeley?" and the -
respon'ie, " Because It sustains the nigger," also exotlad
an approving expreaaion froiu the audience. The balanea ?
of the programme was sustained lu that artistic and aa
cepialde manner for which Wood's Minstrels am sa ?
popular.
t iiiuiirtv
l wllhttef
ftUi.iqrvJ
xti, aU*
Soiom Huimiib.? The public wJJl be worry to learn theft
the engagement of Mr. John K. Owens (an Solon nlilnglo
and the litre Indian) at the D roadway theatre la about to
terminate. After nearly three months' continuous effort
Solon Shinglr Is about to lcare the state with more than
an ordinary t emblement of honors. It Is generally cone
ceded that ao greater delineator of character has bo**,
seen ?n the ?toge of thla o.ty for mnny a year, front tho.
lung run w'lteh holon Hhlngle has enjoyed, and the en*
thUKlaatlc crowds that hr<re flilod the Broadway thoalu^
It la to '? ho|>ed that Mr. Owens will retire with fait
pockets Mid plenty of leisure to onj (|r not only the ImA
kind of jo lety, bat a'J tho "apple lasa" that Kew KflC
land cia produce.
The Itlysterloaa Death of Mian ll(M?
Brown ?.
to thi mrron or riiK iimb/j.o.
I?wyour iRsue c I Saturday lr-jt yon glvr, what
tr he nn account af the clrcur#tanc?s collected
<*?tth of Kuther Brown, wlilrii occurred, oa the ftUi,
* No 11T South Thljd street Without,
blitlug ntir inAlnd or ?mj #t motives to yonrselfi fbef
leave t<> utatvthal the ?'*tcmont publmhed, Is *??er
version of facta which I. am not <*irpo?ed to paas fciy hq.
heeded. Tlio fact* ar? these: ? I was callcd on Twmdajf
evening, the JW lust a* you stated: remained v#?i tlio
put "tit luring the eight, an<V u?od .ill tho probosluaal
ek ill I posMK* to ml I<1 re liar sufferings. S*rly eo
Wodn n'-ty tnori iax I acq .alUad Jnd;;? Dailey with UM
<tlrcuWMtuiic? oC Hie ( see. a* also the t>o!i.-% Jtnlga
Pail >k wnt Ckpt, Ouihnhard, of tho TSutv flTHk precinct,
to t/?qolre Into >he ca-o cad to tah* po** oaigbn of any
i |.i*pirty tlrnt might beWng to tlv unl'ot taunt* young
?nuuim. Tlx truuk t?iu. not "hrokeu'' open, but
?*a our:ie?\ by I'nptiika UukrhaH with Uke key, which
was rurn*ho?l him by tlio people of the houses
The uvdertiiker wns n?t sent tor until w>nte
hours uft r thi death vf tho youiu wimmui, ?i >1 the body
v us net put In the cuflln nntfl the following Kildny. The
dl'iKu lilon Oil jour purl to laud th pQlkv msy l* * * '*7
gi n joua on b.t *l?' n It Is oonalil?r*d that they wore
DOtlOtd on Wednesday snd did not act until Frtdny, IC
does not ?t em that they wore ovr prwnpt. *
It I ? tald the capacity lo cluiofo lit inatnmenUi l ,^ a
n vir nllimi' to a npocl s of wlmh?m. In the school of
ro- kl ss habitc and criminal praot'c 'S there I* d^btl * n
prrcclenc" attained In the highest d' gree dl:<cr .mlnsling;
to varnish clisncter unutterably d -rp|rehl"( to brae- an
for' en' s ? qinlly d*sp< r?f% to browboa*. tl?* tnnotenl ana
vlolato tho truth. woJd soe?n to l?y tnurketl r qulwt ?? lo
suit Hie necessities of C 'rlaln officials.
When pnbllc officials aeek through the colnmnR of *
newspaper to convey false lr?pre?*lonft in regard to Ui?
prorcHslonal lnt< grlty of a r^Hn. It is time to s t tho pub
lic right on the s..b|ecU WM. II. UAJNCURO. M D.
BawiuTM. J*#, 9*. VM,

xml | txt