The New fork Herald ? Kclltion lor
Kuropr.
Tho Cunnrd mail steamship America, Capt M Caulay,
will leave Boston on Wednesday for Liverpool.
The mails for Europe will c'.jbo in this city tomorrow
? ftertioon, at a quart.?r past oue and at half past Uvo
? ciook. to go by railroad
Tun F.unoekA* Eomox or Tixn Rsrild w.U bo published
at eleveu o'clock la tbe morning. Singlo copies, in wrap
pars, nix cnti.
The contend of the Pcsoim* Ewnox of nre Hkraib
wili coinotuo the uews received by mail and telegraph
at the ofhee during tae previous week, and up to the bour
?f publication. ___
Th* Xewa.
There was a rumor in Washington l!,,<t night to
the effect that lighting had commenced in Florida
between the federal and State troops; but
whether the rumor is well founded or not
we are unable to leant. If any fighting
has taken place it must have been at Fort Pick
en*. Advices from there by way of New Orleans
? represent that en Friday State troops were con
centrating in the neighborhood of Pensaeola from
all part- of the State. The steamer Wyandot was
lyii.fi at the entrance of the harbor, communicat
ing with Tort Pickens", but was not allowed to en
ter the harbor. The families of the officers were
on board the Wyandot.
The general tone of the advices from Washing
ton which we publish this morning Indicate* a
somewhat les-< l>elligcrcnt aspect of affairs. It h
tated that Governor Pickens, of South Carolina,
baa, yielding to the solicitations of his friends in
Washington, addressed Col. Hayne, the South
Carolina Commissioner, instructing him to change
his policy. Col. Hayne will remain in Washing
ton for some time. The letter which he trans
mitted to the President on Saturday is said to have
been very temperate in tone. The attack on I ort
Sumter is cou-idercd to i.e abandoned for the pre
sent. In the meantime. It is hoped some plan of
conciliation may be adopted. The Virginia Legis
lature propositions of ad.instment. a synopsis of
w'.ich will be found in our despatches, were
much discussed in Washington political circles
yesterday. , .
A brief rwhil of the minority report of the
Representatives Committee of Thirty-three will be
found among our .Washington despatches. The
minority recommend the adoption of the Critten
den compromise, and say that unless the^e or simi
lar con< iliatory measures meet with the support
of Congress, then dissolution is inevitable.
We learn from Springfield, Illinois, that BIr. Kel
logg. member of Congrt ss from that State, has ar
rived there on a mission to the l*resident elect, to
obtain a definite and authoritative announcement
from Mr. Lincoln with regard to tho compromise
propositions in Congress. On tho result of this
mi<-?ion. it i- stated will depend the future course
of the republican- in Congress From Washing
ton, too. we are advised that Mr. Swett h?- j..-i
left the latter city on a visit of similar purport t.?
the President elect, and to urge bin. at the ollcl
tation of leading republican member-, to visit
Washington immediately.
The Alabama State Convention on Saturday
elected delegates to the proposed Southern Con
vention of Seceding States. The Convention
i? to miet in Montgomery. Ala., on the tth
of February. The Slate Convention also passed
an ordinance appropriating three million dollars
for the aiming aud defence of the State.
The lower house of the Tennessee Legislature
has agreed to Ibe Senate's amcmlmcnts to the bill
for the election of delegates to a State Conven
tion The election is to take place on the 9th of
February, and the Convention to assemble on the
1Mb.
A company of sappers and miners, numbering
sixty-three, rank and iJe, arrived in W ashtOgton
from the Wtat ytistirday. A dragoon corps Irom
West I'o.nt, with a battery of four field pieces and
two howitzers, urt i*p< eted to arrive in Washing
ton in a few days.
The select commitW of th> House, engaged in
Investigating the fraud committed hy the abstrac
tion from the Interior Iiepartment of tlu? bonds
belonging to the Indian Trnst Fund. are bo-dy at
work, and will probably he ready to report early
this week. The Grand .fury of the District ?.r LV
iumhia will to day conmi- Boo the exaiidn .tion of
Bailey and Bns?ell.
The pony express pa?sed Fort Kowri .< ynster
daj morning, bringing advices from th Pacific to
the r.th in?t. In San Francisco bu.-in< was -till
eitremely dull, owing to a continuation of bad
weather and an apparent absence of speculative
feeling on the part of dealers. Large surplus
stocks of goods remain on the market. The ar
rival of the President's flwt day proclamation in
California was so delayed as to preclude much ob
ftervance of it in that State. The politicians wern
beginning to congregate in great numbers in Sa
craou ate, ia anticipation of the aesemWtaf of tho
I.ffc.rJature on the 7th inst. Governor Denver's
prospects for the United Htates Senatorship were
considered the brightest.
'I he thirty-seventh anmversary of the New York
Hible Society was celebrated at Dr. Hpring's
church taut evening. Rev. I>r. Uoge presided, and
addresses were delivered by Rev. Messrs. Vau
Dyke aud Leles. The annual report set forth the
encouraging prospect* of the society, bo far as its
objects were concerned, but regretted that
in a financial point ot view it was not equal
to what it had been in previous years. The tota'
cumber of volume* distributed during the past
year was (52,284, of which 18,000 were Bibles. The
cash receipts and contributions during the same
period an ounted to $lf>,3lX>. The document, which
ms u very elaborate one, ascribed our present
national troubles to the separation of church and
State in the character of our connti'utional govern
n <; t end urged that the present difficulties were
but the interposition of Divine Providence to bring
tlie nation to a better appreciation of God's Word.
About fifty thousand people visited the t'ontral
Paik yesterday, the majority of whom were on the
ire. A large number of females were enjoying the
cool breezo both on and off the pond. The pros
pect lust evening for good skating to-day wa.i very
fair, and the balJ is expected to be iu its place on
the pole.
Owh.g to BOtne telegraph -oports nlloat from th? Gult'
poi tt- regai dtn^ real or apparebeudod dilticuHie-i about
clear ing.cargoc-. of cotton to foreign countries, ooinbio
<?<1 with the Asia's news, tbe mvket in Saturday a vanoed
about >? to ?{ cent per pound, while the k..!",- reached
about 4,000 oales. Hour wan tina and tolerably active
ami closod about 6c. bettor for some grades, whllo
the li uiaad for export und from the triuto wan good
Wheat was la id above the views*of purchasers, which
tended to check sales, w lule the markot closed at
about the quotations of the previous day. Corn was
hold with more show of firmness, while prices wero
w ithout change of importance. The sal s included
V t .-.tern mixed, in More and delivered, at 70c. a 71c
Pork was firmer, and closed at higher pric .a. The
sales embraced new roess at $17 60 at thi; opening, and
closed at $17 ?2>? a #17 70, and new pritne at $13 25 a
$13 60. Sugars wore steady and tolerably active, with
sales til 1.160 hbds. Cuba*, and a sin ill lot of boxe.4. Cof
fee was steady; the sales comprised a cargo of 2,500
bags Rio at 12l,1e., and 1,100 lo. at 11c. a 13c. Freights
were firmer, with engagements of wheat to Liverpool,
in ship's bags, at ll>j<l., with fiour at 3s.(M.;and to
Ijondop wheat was taken at 121; d, in ship's bags;
and lloui al 3s. "Kd. a 3s. Ud., and 000 bbls. do. at 4s.
Tlie Crittenden Resolution* and Blgler
.Substitute?Will Kepul>lleitn? In Con.
gi-os Prevent mix Appeal to tile People I
Tho question trauscending all others in im
portance to tho country, at the present mo
ment. whether the republican parly in Con
gress will continue to interpose the screen of
its authority between the popular voice
throughout the Union, and a peaceful settle
ment of the difficulties by which the nation is
convulsed, or whether it will aid in dissipating
the dangers by which it is menaced t Will the
Somite and House of Representatives rise to
the dignity of their position as the faithful
stewards of the people ; will they clothe them
selves with the discretion, judgment and pa
triotism of statesmen, or muBt they ntill show
themselves to be utterly lost to every senso of
uprightness and independence'.' We are in the
midst of a revolutionary period, when the
wisest and most sagacious find it impossible to
foretell what new disasters unyhour may bring
forth. Imagination cannot picture a more
dreary, desolate future than awaits us, if the
n? imrf'ur of ignorant, malicious stupefaction,
wldch has thus far. during this session of Con
gn characterized its proceedings, any longer
prevails. The republican party hold weal
and woe, good and evil, the perpetuation of
h<' integrity of the confederation or its dis
memberment, in their own hands. They may
decide, this very day, whether the States,
united together, shall remain the example and
pride ?if the universe, or whether the brightest
ight that the sun of liberty ever cast upon the
earth .-hall be extinguished in darkness. On
Friday last every republican member of the 1
United States Senate voted against the recon
sideration of Mr. Crittenden's resolutions. If
they adhere to the same policy to-day, when
his bill shall become the subject of debate ; if
th< y treat, with like contempt, the proposition
of Mr. Bigler, to submit to the peo
ple the issues that sunder the coun
try in twain, upon them alone will rest the re
sponsibility of every evil that may grow out
of their repudiation of the last pacific solu
tion of our sectional troubles, that will per
haps be attempted, between now and the 4th
of March next If civil war comes, they will
have brought it upon us. If a death blow is
given to our national prosperity, theirs will
be the blame. The guilt will lie at their door
of the most stupendous act of national suicide
that the world's history has ever known.
It has become evident that no remedy what
ever can be applied to the political disease
under which the Union is now laboring, ex
cepting by the people of the United States
themselves. The decay of parties has thrown
leadership and actual power, as well in the
different States as at Washington, into the
hands of peculators, speculators and the most
veil"1 eorrupt cla?s of individuals that ever held
ml' i ;u?y land. Incumbents of olfier at
W; >ii live in mortal fear of the displea
i.re ? . own paltry local couatilueucie*.
and we 'are to act rightly, even should
the} ? .??? the afflatus of genuine statesman
like inspiration. A desolate blank of every
noble impulse is beheld at the very source
whence sound and healthy legislation should
procci-d. Representatives from the North and
South want, respectively, the moral courqge to
cas? olf the shackles of a elergy-bertdden and of
a mo hoc rat fire-eating dominion, or else they
i an1 actuated by the treasonable motive of has
i tening the country into bloodshed, in order to
complete the anarchy towards which it has
I progressed w ith gigantic footsteps. Yet the
I vast masses of our population, in all of the
1 State-, are unquestionably conservative.
Flviwfll\ ths of those who are entitled
to vote deplore the agitation by
which the popular surface is to?sed to and fro,
and condemn the demagogues who have brought
us to the prest nt -tage of a deplorable national
crisis. The voice of the intelligence, worth, in
tegrity and wealth in all of the States of the
Utu<>n, excepting probably South Carolina and
Massachusetts. Is struggling to make itseif hoard.
Public K'Cling demands precisely such an op
portunity as the adoption of the Bigler substi
tute to Mr. Crittenden's bill would afford, to
stnni), scetional tyranny with condemnation.
from whatever quarter it may be arrogated. Its
adoption would be the -i*n?I lor hp universal
cry to r eeho from N'ev, 1 k to Louisiunti.aud
from tli \tlantle t.. Iw. I lie coast, in favor
of tlie i 'ervmii . ,( t|,i> t'nion, Hi whatever
sacrifice, h *111 b-mo . elusive act of the
republican members of Congress if such an
outburst of feeling is stifled.
The imperious neees-ity upon which the Big
ler bill Is framed it to be found in the limited
jnteml befweeu now an ! the lib day of March,
w t ieh fciitJl tcnuiuutc iho present admiuL-ti'a
tiou, uud in the immense advuntu^'? whiclf
would derive from a settlement of the questions
before the country before the inauguration of
Mr. Lincolu. Amendments to the constitution
cannot be adopted, excepting by a vole of two
third* of both houses of Congress, or ou appli
cation of the Legislatures of two-third* of lii *
several States, to be valid only when ratifi ?d
by three-fourths of the whole number of Stale*,
in either their Legislature* or in convention.!.
Th -he condition* for amending the oon^tluiuon
cunnot be complied with as Congress is now
composed; As " legislative enactments are,"
therefore, " insufficient to meet and remove the
eauso of impending disaster," and m " the
Union is in imminent danger of final disaolu
tion, in consequence of protracted strife and
agitation about the institution of African slave
ry, '' Mr. IJigler has wisely called upon Congress
to ' ask for the opinion and will of the people
ol (he several Statue, on such proposed amend
ments to the eonstitution," as shall brinir btck
harmony to the republic, dispel the clouds
wliic.li darken the horizon, and "restore out
distracted country to its accustomed peace and
prospt rity." The first section of his substitute
provides, "that the citizens of the several States
qualified to vote for iuemb< ra of Congress, be
requested to hold an election on Tuesday, iUe
12th day of February next, for the purpose of
deciding for or against" the amendment* enu
merated in his bill. It is simply an attempt to
obtain in an informal mannir an expression oi
the v? ill of thtt people, which shall guarantee
future constitutional action, either on the pari
of the State Legislatures or of Congress, that
shall be satisfactory to the South, and turn
away attention from the alternative of civil
war or u disruption of the confederacy. It is
a proposition fair to all parlies; and, if the pro
lea,ion oi' Mr. Seward, that'whatever sacrifices,
private or public, shall be needful for the pre
servation of the Union sh.ill bo made," is con
sistently adhered to by himself and his friends,
it will be supported by them. They can only
oppose it from a fixed determination tlr.it the
popular voice shall not be reached, and to per
petuate the ascendancy of those "tempeaiuou-:
passions" which they pretend to deprecate.
Tiie greater number of republicans in the
North are divisible into two classes?tho-: who
would reduce the South to submission by force
of arms, nnd those who would coerce it by
means of a "masterly inactivity." These latter
witness with rejoicing the daily increasing
Etorm at the South. They chucklo over ex
cesses which ;ire the natural consequence of
civil strife ?pa edout of the hands of thinking,
sober men who seek for the recovery of their
pristine rights, into the power of a rude, un
controllable mob?att though they were an
abolition triumph. They desire an internecine
war, as a means of stereotyping anti-slavery
fan at icl-in in the Northern SlateB. The events
of the next day or two will demonstrate, be
yond cavil, whether the republican ranks in
Congress are completely filled with such men;
whether there still exists any desire among
them to restore order out of the chaos which their
own sectionalism has created. If, as a sequel
to their voting against the reconsideration of
the Crittenden amendments to the constitution,
they shall persevere in rejecting them, and
maintain a firm stand against permission being
given to the people to express "their judgment
and opiniou" in the present crisis, two tilings
will be evident?that they are treasonable to
the interests of their constituents, and that they
know that their policy is reprobated by the
popular heart. Nothing will then remain but
to wait until the issue can be made at the State
elections which are approaching; but the spec
tacle will be none the less mournful and sad,
of representatives, elected under a bygone con
dition of things, refusing to allow those who
voted for them to rescue u country from ruin,
which they have determined to destroy.
Cabinet Making Um>kk I)irncui.Tuw. It
would seem that " Old Abe" Lincoln Jimls Ca
binet making a much more difficult business
than rail splitting; for, notwithstanding that ho
has pl<-uty of timber at band, and any quantity
of j?n rnnymen to help him. In the shape of ad
Tisera and counsellors from every part of the
country, yet he has made but sorry progress in
the construction of his Cabinet For weeks
past the railroad and telegraph lines of Illinois
hare been doing a thriving business on the
strength of the Cabinet making trade?the for
mer by the transmission of offiee seekers and
.he agents of office seekers, and the 1 titter by
(lie continual stream of despatches from the
North, the South, the Ea^t and the West, flying,
like the dove of Noah, to the ark of black re
publican safety in the little Tillage of Spring
field. But all to no purpose; for up to tliis time
there arc only two members of the new Cabinet
-elected?Mr. Seward and Mr. Cute* and only
one of these is a live state-man. for Bates has
been dead end gone this many a day. Curious
? nough, too. they were both competitors of Lin
coln in the race for the Presidency?Mr.
Seward as the strong candidate of a strong
wing of the party, and Bates as the candidate
of the Blair family and the Greeley family, two
very influential families in th? republican par
ty. it must be admitted.
There has been somo talk of embodying in
the new Cabinet ono Gideon Welles, an old
( onnecticut fossil, who has been dead these
twenty years?dead and buried, with the grass
upon his grare grown so long that it almost
hid his tombstone- but some Old Mortality, in
hi* researches among the relics of past ages,
appears to have dug him up, and, We beli?ve<
hail considerable troublo in getting affi
davits to prove that ho is really alive.
In his palmiest days the fo?sll Welles was not
much to boa^t of. Wq remember him in Jack
son' time ns a finall editor down in Connecti
cut- greet only in getting little offices fur little
people: and the wonder is how Mr. Lincoln
could have dug up this fossil Almost from the
Silurian period this very, very small politician
of the hickory age for the purpose of locating
him in his Cabinet, except it is intended to be
a cabinet of antique curiosities.
Tbei- aie plenty of living state*men around
him. There h Ranks, of Misfachusett*; t'liase,
of ' hie. mid Cameron, of Pennsylvania, who it
,se< nis wa.- <?n the slate, but has been rubliedolT
again, but who will not be rubbed ?ft for he
insists upon bis right to a place among Lin
coln's constitutional adviser*. Th'.i vacillation
in the choice of u Cabinet, all thi? backing and
Ailing, looks badly for Mr. Lincoln's backbone.
It appears that he cannot complete th 1e t un
til he goes to Washington. Mr. Lincoln has
length and height enoegh; be tan dig as deep
and reach as far towards the sky us any man;
but we are afraid that he is rather weak about
the haunches and stiff in the joints. Jiowmr,
we v 11 w.iit to two what will b? done, and #>?
hope that he may yet secure a conservative
Cabinet composed of live uiea The President
Mbti is about to retire from office bite ev ideally
played out bis roU.und can do uo more twvv.irdu
pacilicatiug the country. It remain! no* for
the ii? w I'resideut and his friends to decide
whether the republic shall be planned into
civil war, or rescued fruin the present terribh
cul"iiiity which threaten# it, to continue it-a
course ol |?eace, prosperity and greatness
Thr CMMcojro Platform or Otrtl U nr.
Such in the .alternative now presented to the
cot ntry The republican leaden* and republi
can journals, with one or two exception*, in
sist upon upholding the Chicago platform?the
wtiole platform, and nothing but the platform ?
no mutter what may bo the consequeaces to the
party, to the country or to the human race.
They teem to regard the Chicago platform with
a SOi t of religiouH adoratiui* bordering on
idolatry, a# if it were something more sacred
than the constitution or the existence of the
government established by the sages and pa
triot* of the first 1 .'evolution -more inviolate than
even the Decalogue and the holy evangelist*,
'i hey d? dure they will maiutain it to the bitter
end, though civil war should be the conse
quence, as it undoubtedly will be, and though
this fair land of plenty and ail its inhabitants
should be reduced to " c ircassea und ashes,"
which was once the fate of Ireland,
as described by the British historian,
after a long and bloody civil war in
that unhappy country. But it becomes a
grave question for both the leaders and the
rank and file of the republican party, as well
as for tne rest of the Northern population,
whether the Chicago platform Is worth such a
sacrifice, and whether they will inatig ite or
even permit ilie perpetration of such a folly as
n iglit make the angels weep. What is the
Chicago platform? Its essential principle is the
assertion of a "higher law"?a law before
and above the constitution. It is, in fact, an
impudent and outrageous attempt by a sec
tional party, bounded by a geographical line,
to abolish the constitution, which was not made
for tne iNortAior lor the South, but for the
whole country, embraciug and protecting alike
tho rights and the interests of both section*.
The confutation guarantees equal rights to aM
the Suites. The Chicago platform goes be
hind that instrument aud denies its right, or the
right of any constitution, to protect the South
ern States in the exercise of their guaranteed
right of property in negro slaves.
The equality of all the States in the Union is
one of its fundamental principles. Tho Chicago
platform proclaims inequality as the basis of
the republican creed, it proclaims that Northern
men have a right to take their horses, their
mule- and other property into the common t"r
ritory, and settle there, under the regis of the
constitution, but that Southern men have not
the same right to migrate to tho Territories with
their property, consisting of negro slaves, aud
enjoy equal protection, though the constitution
has recognized property in the service of slaves
as on the same basis with any other kind of
property. Upon this issue in the Presidential
election, by an accidental technical majority of
the votes of the electoral colleges, the republi
can party, though in a small minority of the
whole population, have been elevated to the
control of the federal government, the posses
sion of (he public purse, the army and
navy and the federal courts; and their
chiefs, in the very face of the fearful
consequences staring them in the face, declare
their intention of carrying out every tittle of
the Chicago platform. If they have thus pro
claimed their resolve to overthrow the consti
tution in its great essential features, can it be
wondered that the South, the section to be as
sailed, is preparing for resistance?
The Chicago platform is a declaration of war
against the social institutions of fifteen States
of the Union, and naturally Louses those States
into an attitude of defence. Secession is as
unconstitutional as the Chicago platform or
the nullification Libt-rty bills of the North, and
the designs of the seceding states cannot be
carried out under the constitution any more
than the designs of the republican leaders; but
those States have, outside of the constitution,
thi> right of revolution, the la*>t reserved right
of every oppressed people. It is upon this
great right the Declaration of ludependenco is
bawd, und it lies, therefore, at the very founda
tion of our government. Contrary to the
letter and spirit of the political compact
between the States, the Chicago plat
form interferes with the slave institu
tion. To interfere with and denounce
as a sin the social institutions of any State is a
just cum for hostilities, and to the aggrieved
State it is only a question of prudence and ex
pediency bow far it may exercise its right of
war. That the people of th<> Southern Stales
are preparing to exercise that right there is
only too much reason to apprehend.
If, therefore, the Chicago platform is not
abandoned there is every probability that there
will be civil war, and that not merely at the
South, but also at the North. It is high time,
then-tore, for Mr. Lincoln and the other repub
lican leaders to pause at the edge of the abyss
into which they have proponed to plunge them
selves und the country, and consider whether
it is not better tor them to retrace their steps
before it is too late. There is not a moment to
be lost if they desire to rescue the government
from utter wreck and ruin. The whole issue
resolves itsolf Into the question whether the
Union or the Chicago platform is to be devoted
to destruction? To save both is impossible.
A Lnmov iok tuk Abolitionisth. The anti
slavery fanatics of Massachusetts are in the
habit iif quoting largely from the writings and
specihe' of the leading Knglish abolition if ts? in
support of their pestiferous doctrines. Will
their organs have the honesty to give insertion
to the reeent letter of Lord Brougham in reply
to the imitation to attend the John
Brown anniversary in Boston ? We apprehend
not. Some of the sentiments in thin li tier are
' too strongly condemnatory of their course for
it to prove palatable to them. The writer
!-a\s- "No one w ill doubt my earnest desire to
slavery evtiugni-hi-d ; but that desire can
only bo gratified by lawful means u strict re
gard to the rights of property of what the
'.aw declares to be property and a con
stat repugnance to the shedding of blood."
Here is the whole difficulty between the re
publicans and the ?eo<-**ionistii resolved in a
-ingle sentence. And yet, in spite of such
strong expressions of Opinion from one of their
I.a01 Ue authorities, the former are determined
to plunge the country into all the horrors of
civil war rather tt.an conocde the protection
irlifelk On South dtmauds fo. lib proportj,
. i St\tk
Tub lOlJTlCAX Joukk-.ls 4?
Eutcnom?While the political ^
Noi tii are becoming more strongl/ di Tl e ?
paity linen! in their opinions in rega?4 v? ^ L
prop* r mode of settling lie difficulties 5?k
which the country id now laboring, those al the
South have thrown away their partisan ani
luositios and are united on the one prevailing
fit ntiuieut, that that section of the country must
secure uno main lain the rights which were gua- j
r^nteed to them wh?-n they became parties to
tLo confederation The democratic journ.il.*' of
the North have wisely obliterated, at least for
the present, the party division which was es
tablished by the Charleston Convention, und
ure now laboring to convince the people that
if they would nave the country some earnest
measures must be adopted, or some well defined
a&-uranee given, to convince the South that
their rights in the Union and their privileges
under the constitution will not be ruthlessly
ti am pled upon. On the other hand the repub
lican papers are fomentiag the excitement by
ridiculous jests and more ridiculous falsestate
rr.uits relating to the position of the
Soi.thern States. They cry out '-No
j cor^essinnfand urge upon their leaders and
representatives in Congress to stand firm upon
Uie Chicago platform, even though it becomes
nei' fleaiy to maintain its doctrines by the in
auguration of intestino war . nd by the blood
oi thousands of our fellow countrymen.
Thero is no hope to be found in party leaders,
ar.d the country must look elsewhere for its sal
vation. We must leave the wrangling politi
cians in Washington to finish their fights in ac
cordance with their tastes and inclinations, and
direct our attention to the voice of the people,
us it will K? n be he:?rd through the hallot box
in three of the Eastern States, at elections which
will be more important to the whole country
than any that have been held uince tho govern
ment was formed. All that partisan traders
und demagogue* have at stake are the fat offices,
present and prospective, while the great body
of the people are tfie real stockholders of the
country, ui d hold the peace, the piOPperity
and the salvation of the Union at a price
far above the estimation of the men who
are now occupying the hulls oi Congress.
In these elections Ihc issues which are. to be
decided are moie momentous than any that
have ever before been submitted to the judg
ment ot the people. They arij. on the one side
conciliation and peace, and on the other black
republicanism, the Chicago platform and civil
war. If the latter succeed, then indeed is the
country lost, because coercion would be sure
to follow, and when that commences the border
slave Stales, which are now hesitating, and
evincing such strong attachment for the Union,
will be forced to take one side or the other.
They can then no longer occupy a neutral po
sition, but must throw their sympathies and
their power for or against their sister States of
the South. The position they v. ill take in tho
event of republican doctrines being pushed to
I extremes does not even admit ot a question.
1 Their strength will be added to the cause of
the South, and then will commence the war,
with sixteen States and two Territories, leav
ing out those bordering on the Pacific, on the
one side, and fifteen States, with an equal num
ber of Territories, on the other. We will ask
the people of Connecticut. New Hampshire
and Khode Island, in which States elections are
near at hand, whether they are prepared for an
event like that??whether they are ready to as
sist in bringing upon their country the disastrous
train of circflmatances which is sure to follow
I civil war, or whether they will not at once tell
I the partisan jugglers who have brought about
! this trouble, that they have gone far enough?
If the Union i to be saved, it must be done
row by the people themselves in their sove
reign capacity. And if those patriotic citizens
in New York and other places who are talk
ing Union so loudly and laboring to get up
monster petitions, which, when they reach tho
halls of legislation arc tumbled into the dark
vaults beneath the Capitols, would turn their
atU?ntion to these popular elections, the ship
of State may yet pass the rocks which now
threaten her and proceed on her prosperous
course before the close of the year.
Tiir. Dkmockatio State Couxrrrrai Saving
Tin Union.?Tho Democratic State Committee
Lave b-sued a call lor a convention of delegates
from the party, to assemble at Albany on the
31st inst., for the purpose of having the Union;
and in their circular they prate about "the
alarming condition of onr OOuntry/' "the exi
gencies of public affairs," about "saving the
country from the evil* of domestic war*," and
fo forth. What a humbug it is for men like the
Democratic State Committee to talk in this way,
j'.ist an if it wu" not politicians of their stamp
on the one side, and fanatic ?' like the anti-sla
very parsons on the other, who reduced the
country to its present calamitous condition.
The object of this convention, it is plain to
be wen. is simply to endonvor to reconstruct
the broken down party, and take advantage of
ihe c xijrencies of the limes for mere political
and personal motive*. The democratic ptfrty
is dead and rotten; it has fallen by its own cor
ruption. and the republican party will soon fol
low it. the seeds of the name disease being sown
in iU< system so deep that no art or skill can
save it No purty nor any M-t of politicians can
save the country at the present crisis, nnd it is
an impud< nt scheme on the part of the Demo
cratic State Committee to call .1 convention for
any such pretended purpose
The committee i-ay in their circular that
"Conservative men of all classes call upon our
time honored party 10 co operate with patriotic
citizens elsewhere," See.. dc. This is tiot so.
Conservative men know perfectly well that it
is not in the putrid debris of a corrupt faction
tbey are to look for safety in a cri-is like this
a faction too "time honored" rather for the
breath than the observance of h onesty decency
and good faith but to the sense of the people,
to which M-nator B'gler proposes to refer the
question. It Is the people, and not the politi
cians who are to settle the diffloulty, \nd we
opine that thin farce of a democratic convention
for the purpose of saving Hie country will be
repudiated bj the people of thi? .state
Tnr. Htomix IxnfAv Bovn. When the Indian
Trust Fund bonds were stolen from the In
terior Department the government advertised
that the interest would not be paid on the
bond? thus abstracted. From all appearances
it Ls not likely that this Intention can be car
ried out. The Attorney (toners 1 <?t North Caro
lina has given it as his opinion that if the
coupons are presented to the State Treasury
thay must be paid. Thns the amount of thi'w1
stolen bonds, $800,000, promise* to be a total
to the government.
A*k Wis t<: Havk Pkxck ok Wajc?- Accord
ing to our Washington advices, the- war part/
in the South will not proceed further in their
operations until the expiration of Mr. Buchan
an's term of office. Thia is a sign that the inure
.sensible of the beceaaioni->U are getiiug the
Uk*>per baud, and that the ardor of the mob u
begt^^ing to cool. For the next thirty days,
then, we an armistice aud guaranty that
the federal property will not be molested.
Notwithstanding thi* action on the part of the
authorities of South Carolina, it is still evident
that we are on the verge of civil war, the most
fearful calamity that can befall a nation. The
South is already in arms. In the North Gov
ernors of States and militia geuerals are ten
dering the services of large bodies of troopa
"for any emergency;" the Legislature of
this State is asked for an appro
priation of half a million dollars, to
bo expended in munitions of war, and the
new Governor of Massachusetts has urde/cd the
militia to be put upon a war footing. People
s-eem to have made up their minds that a col
lision is inevitable, and the country u
rushing into deadly peril without stopping to
count the cost. All this is doue through the
recklessness and stupidity of the politicians.
We are, altogether, thirty-four millions of j?eo
ple, and we desire, more than anything el^o,
to live together in peace and unity, if the
latter is possible, but in peace at all events.
There are a few thousands? of cra/.y people in
the North snd the South who are Hiking to
pull down the government, with the hope that
they may profit by the ruin of others. But
if, at the bidding of this handful of
maniac.-, the several sections of the coun
try are to take up arms against each
other, no one can tell where the thinr? will -top.
Feuds will be engendered, and they will rankle
in the breasts of our children's children, long
after the present generation shall havv passed
away. We have no right to entail such a
heritage upon posterity, nor should we., as
sensible men, permit the arbitrament of the
sword to be brought huo this quarrel. What
ever the flital result may be, neither party will
gaih anything, and the distress, suffering and
poverty which intestine war will create in the
meantime should not be risked if they can pos
sibly be avoided. Business men, merchants,
master mechanics and others should unite
in an appeal to the Pre iident elect anJ
his Premier, Mr. Seward, and induce them
if possible to counteract the effect of the mili
tary spirit which has been displayed both iu
the North and the South, by the publication of
a pacific programme. We do not believe that
Abraham Lincoln is anxious to open his ad
ministration with a civil war on his hands, and
certainly Mr. Seward's late speech was a pacific
one. Let them, then, restrain their over zealous
partisans at the North, and all may yet be well.
Immkn.sk Im u x 01 Stkcik.? The Asia brought
out a million and a half of specie, making up
about ten millions received from Europe since
the panic set in. The consequence of this drain
has been that the Bank of England has been
obliged t<^ raise its rate of discount to six per
cent, and the Bank of France to flvo and a half.
These rates are far from having reached the
maximum. Notwithstanding that the con
clusion of peace with China has stopped tho
drain eastward, it will be more than counter
balanced in the spring by the commencement of
hostilities against Austria and a general arming
of the European governments. As regards
its tlow in this direction, there do not appear
to be any probabilities of its proximate cessa
tion. Altogether the position of the European
governments nnd populations is no more re
assuring tl an cur own. The infatuation of
political theorists and anarchists promises to
plunge both the Old and New Worlds into a
state of distress and confusion which it will
take years to remedy.
Tiik Ntw Loan.?When the now Treasury
loan whs emitted it was with the greatest diffi
culty that bid* could be obtained lor the first,
five millions at twelve per cent. This want of
confidence was occasioned by the fact that vio
lent secessionist*, such as Cobb and Thomas,
were in possession of the department By a
judicious change of men a revolution of publio
sentiment has taken place in regard to tho
loan, and upwards of twelve millions have been
bid for the remainder of it, at prices averaging
from nine to eleven per cent, thus effecting u
large saving to the country.
Tiik Crrr Pouttotans in tith Cbihis. In the
present alarming condition of the country,
while almost all classes of the community are
casting about for hope and guidance, the city
politicians appear to be nearly in a comatose
state. They do not seem to take any interest
in the revolutionary crisis Ihroi'gh which we
are passing. The republican politicians are
absorbed in making oat the slate for all the
offices to be tilled after (he 4th ot Ali.ch in
the Custom Hove aud Post Office, while the
democrats, who have no slate to All up. are
hanging around the City IIoll like vultures
o\er a battle field watching for the drnpping-t
of Corporation plumler.
Ivrwmirw; l.wmtr ??* Pet ?a Kinwrrv:?:. Tho rut
lowing rorrwioinlMir'* hw pasvd hot ween <'*)>?. Whiting
ib4 i cv cnl |>rouilncru merchant* In thi*clty:?
Nk? Vote,, ,l?u. !?, 18ftl.
CUit. Saw Wnmvi.:?
Dun Sin?In cotnmoit with mun of your No* York
frli'iida, the un<l<r-tt:iH.l w> , i 1>? | i-i^.-d to h<*?r jrotn
I'olar o*pfTl< nr<? In th" I mt<it SinU-s xreilo pxpedittim
which rearued Hr. K.e If it kit(b jn?u' r'HtMiioiioe,
wo Invito vo'i to dsWvi't "ur Polar l -i-ture "0 WfflMr
day evening, .lanoary St, *i h vli | ? a n>', n o'rt.x*,
at CI't.ton lUil. Vi.u .v-.,
HKNIlV C.ltfW I.I , i IIV-1. H. VMI' 'MM ,
hPuKKORIi.HU.STIIN* l <i I. H. WVM.IN,
?INO. * 1.WTAN. I 1. MOTHi!',
srt'J i;is .IOMN A. Met
K. GUI11J.' KI>, Au.| nm. y otli-m.
lid.*. llKNK* (iltlM?K,J A.\T? (Itw'.?!?:?
Oiot i *k>?I hive i i i.ivi?rt y'l'n- fc ?!-??;????. aad
Will address you wl'.b ;il. j.-urc .t th" ? I pl.?o?
designated. Vutira truly, SAM WHMis'il.
Captain Whiting commanded lh" Mur'.m w sh? tvam
poized by the Mute authorities of No?ih <V?linu IIH*
evparienco In the P?l?r region* is ef Uk> prartu^lkind,
anil a rotation "t ii will very aaterUini it ri.Id la
structive.
< Ity arr.
Tm h ri'i*>W' Uowitam. m V\ ?i Tw?sn Vv,?^mu r.
Tbo t-u|<p?co?l munlor ot a aroma* twin. I it., > mi i Uva,
at No. 171 Wffit Twenty -ninth strr t, |n?>vw nothing
rneir nor loaa Uihu a ?wp oi int"in|H- >n? ?. \ jkwh.
mort'tn <>xaininatl<? of tiro body. mado iiihIt ilmi-iina
of Onronrr Jnckman. by Dr. John Ileacli. nfeowrrd thai ti.?
tew si ratrhea iind otlmr tajiirieawi the |ier*<)nftf deo.(.?aoiI
Were InMifflrh-nt lorni; ilratb. In thi < ;\nt< n of th?
ptiy?'< ian ih nth w.n pT' ilm^d v hitfivip -Htice rU?
Jury, however, took ?ii rniire! , liiror-nl vl?-a ol iHm
<?He, thr^w the niertti i| i ^t.iui iv th w id^, naA
in illreet op|io?it oa Li the (i ?:r ??< th* tVip-oe*,
renilered n verdict "f "Ih-mJi Irom ine.kaperuMe.
liKNtened by \ iolcni ? ii, ih h u <| of ivtr, lirviley.
The (iiroeer was rompelkd. mnrh mnlt.nt bin will, to cam
tnlt tbe arruHod to tli> Vomlie; hut It m |>roballle that thn
Bto<a?pr?ill lm relcmi I i n n writ o| h?h(W* oorjxw
fwe many hour* l^entuvlwa' a womiin ? V rery ln
lemperate liabit* The nirtat pr?Tion* to h?e death aba
wasfroeal) int^i'rtt d, distarbin* the p?w^e nf the ea
tlre uniahborbMd bj hf* aoi^y bebatlour *n?l qwr?
s^me ri>vutt<'r.

