At ? former cession of Congress Mr. Sewsrd sent in
Copies of bis diplomatic correspondence which filled
thousands of page* of manuscript, and now again ? simi
lar hatch has been handed in, also filling thousands upon
thousands of pages. Of these we have received copious
extracts. Tho correspondence commences as far back as
IMS; but as In the revolution of aflklrs the interest and
value of such old documents U lost, we refrain from fill
ing Our columns with them, aud publish such as wo be
liars win bo of Interest to the reader.
Great Britain.
nm KM-iSriiKNT of tkoop.-j in <.rkat Britain.
Lord Russell, in reply to a letter from Mr. Adams,
nays:?The government 01 the United States tnuat either
sod on the principle of ndmittiug all British subjects
proceed on the principle 01 namittiug an urtusn subjects
to voluntary service in its ships or military bodies, and
CtaOQ it has no reason to complain that the Confederates
do the same, or it must appeal to tho Foreign Enlistment
net, and 10 that case it ought nut to encourage in its own
practice that which it denounce in tbe case or the Con
federates. The United btates cannot ask tbe British gov
ernment to act partially and unlAirly. If thousands of
British subjeols are to be ionud lighting in tbe ranks of
the federals on the invitation of the United States autho
rities, it is uo broach of neutrality that some hundreds
nbould be round in the ship- and armies of theOonrede
ratesupon a similar invitation on their part.
To the above Mr. Adams replies:?
Mr lioitn?I am very happy to understand by tbe terms
Of your lordship's note or the 1st inst., which I did not
doubt must have been tbe fact, that no intention was en
tertained ou the part of ber Majesty's government to put
Obstacles in tbe way of remonstrances on the part or my
government against the enlistment by parties within ibis
kingdom of her Mijeety's subjects, ror the purpose and
with tho intent to carry on war against a nation with
vrhiob sho is at peace, it has seemed to me that sucb
proceedings have been and arc carried on in violation
of the neutrality declared in tbe present contest, and to
that extent .become just subjects of complaint on my
part. I am uot aware that I have ever carried my repre
sentations beyond that point
PUNCH I.MBRFRRKVfg.
Mr. Adams to Lord Russell, August 22, 1863, writes ?
I havo the honor to communicate to your lordship,
under directions from my government, s copy of a note
addressed to Mr. Dayton, tbe Minister or the United
Mtates at Puna by tbe Secretary of State. I am directed
to say that this is done solely out of respect to ber Ms
Jesty/s covornment and lor its information, and not from
My belier tint it h?* bad any purpose or desire to vary
from tho po icy hitherto marked out for ttselt In regard
to tne difficulties in tbe United states. The peculiar cir
cumstances attending tbe exposition of ths views or tbe
Emperor of the French, as unade in Parliament during the
late eesston, seem to render it ne moro than a duty on
the part of the President to communicate bis opinion that
the receot military and naval operations of tbe United
Btaten justify an augmented coutldence that tbe insurrec
1, U it do
tioa, if it do not rocoivo new and extensive aid trom
abroad, must faiL Hence the appcuranoo of an Intention
to tender such aid at this moment could not but be re
garded tut mora likely to increase existing difficulties than
to overcome 'bem. Npt doubling that this is also tbe
?convict km which oontinues to regulate tbe action ot her
EAiOsty's government. I prav your lordship to accept tbe
assurances ot the highest consideration, with wbicb 1
have (he honor to bo, my lord, your most obedient ser
vut.
?II.OCKAD* RCN.VBRS?I.AlIUl'B RAM?.
Tbe corrt>8iioodouce contain- many loiter? in relation to
?the fitting out of tho vessel* lu the British iqjrts to run
Mm btookade, aud also prote.-U against the building of
?Coofedoiutc ships, Ac., in British waters. On this sub
ject Mr. iseward writes to Mr. Adaunt, September 0,
1883 ?
Sot?Vo'ir despatch of August 20 has been subnilttod to
who Prom loot. ? ? ? ? 1 have bestowed the most
?thought'oi consideration upon ypur suggestions concern
log the iui(iortanco of avoiding collisions with Great
Britain. Your observations concerning the importance of
more effective measures for arresting tbe depredations of
the piratical vessels seem so sagacious that I have recom
mended thorn for tbe earnest consideration of the secre
tary oi the Navy. At the same time yon will excuse mo
for stating tbe difficulties of enduring, without resoit to
extreme measures of resistance, the new invasion which
la threatened from tbe porta or Great Britain. The
Navy understand that, although the capacities of the
department have been taxed to the utmost for
defensive preparations and maintaining tbe block
ade, they neither have now, nor can reasonably
have, vessels that can be spared from the siege of Charles
eon adequate to resist the formidable rams which, vir
tually with the content of the British Parliament, are
within a few weeks to come forth against us from Lairds'
shipyard. Tbe new vessels which the Lairds are prepar
ing must, therefore, be expected to enter Portland, Bos
ton, New York, or, if they preror, mustjattempt to breas
the blockade at Charleston, or atcend tbe Mississippi to
Mew Orleans. Can the British government suppose for a
moment that suoh an assault as is thus meditated cat be
made upon us with British built, armed and manned ves
sels without at once arousing tbe whole nation and mik
ing a retaliatory war inevitable t Whatever view may
be takeo of the fortunes of tbe insurrection In Europe, it
Is deemed clear tn tbis country that the factious eolrlt
Wbioh gave it birth is rapidly declining, and the senti
ment of nationality is developing itself anew with an
energy never koown before. The nation, alter tdo years'
Of war, hat overcome tbe sense or fear, while lis temper
Is highly oxcited. It believes that though found unpre.
pared, there are no limits to its ultimate ability of self
deforce. It has a press and a Congress, as free and as
bold as the press and the Parliament of Great Britain.
You have ouly to listen to the pol.tical debates in any part
of the country to learn that the United Slates would ac
cept an uuprovoked foreign war now with more unanimi
ty and cheer mines? than at any former period. I write
this with with tbo earnestness of conviction, and with all
the coocern which one must feel who believes that any
foreign war must be only ioferior tn theddanger It brings,
to the dome tic war which so many differing from me
th mgbt eodangored the very existence of my country. I
sim sure that British statesmen must know that a war
between their country and tbe United States is unneces
sary, and that it oould bring no resulting benefits toGreat
Britain For tbe Interests of both countries and of civi
lisation, I hope no blow will fall rrom tbeir bands that Will
render t>eaoc impossible.
In a despatch of February 19.1863, Mr. Seward In
forms Mr. Adams tbat aa to tbo bill conferring apon the
rresidonl tbe power of granting letters of marque ami
reprisal, (he exocutivo government will he left at liberty
to put it in force in its discretion. He had had littlo
hesitation in Baying to Lord Lyons that, if no extreme
circumstances occur, there will be entire frankness on
the part of the government to communicating to him upon
the subject, so rar as to avoid any suspicion on tbe part of
friendly nations, whose commerce or navigation, It might
tie Wared, should bo Inridentnlly and indirectly afTectad,
if [it shall be found Inexpedient to put tbe act In force
Atga.est the insurgents of tbe United States.
in a letter of Lord Russell to Mr. Adams, dated Septem
ber 11,1963. tbe former saya, "It bas been tbe aim of tbe
government to maintain a strict neutrality between tbe
partlee who for two years have carried on a civil war of
unusual extent and lose of 1Mb oo the American conti
-most Bar Malesty'e government have, for the
? most part, succeeded ta this Impartial course.
If tboy have been unable to prevent some
? violation* of neutrality on the part of the gueen's sub
jects, the cause has been that Great Britain Is a coun
try which is governed by definite laws, and Is not subject
? to arbitrary will. But law, as you aro well aware, Is en
forced bore, as in tbe United States, by indspsndent
Courts of fustics, which will not admit assertion for proof,
?or cotJjoetiHo ior certainty. In tbe United States, as in
Koglaod, queitiona of this nature have been discussed by
judges of grosi legal ability, wbo*e learning and impar
tiality have given weight and authority to their decisions
In every part of the civilized world. Her Majesty's
foverntnont feels confident that tbe President or tbo
initedStates will feel disposed rather to resort to those
^re?t expositors of international law, and to be gnlded
rather by artful examination of tbe course of ber Ma
jesty's government, than yield to tbe basty conclusions
-and prejudicial imputations of public clamor.
After further remarks on this subject, Lord Rns?ell con
eludes hy saying, I have to add that Instructions havo
-Been issued for preventing the departure of tbe iron clads
In question from Liverpool until satisfactory evidence
can IS given as to their destination,or at all eventa, until
the inquirios which aro now being prosecuted with a view
to obtain suoh evidence, shall have been brought to a con
?Oluslon
riSATtCAi. rumsKRS.
la tho rourso of a long reply Mr. Adams says The his
tory o! the past two years has proved beyosd the posal
'blltty of denial, that the Insurgents have been steadily
Mod persistently engaged transgressing the limit above
if aid down. Tlioy have built ship* In tbe ports of this
ikiogdom witb the intent to make war on tbe United
?States, tlioy havo equipped and armed those ships with
?the aid or British subjects, they hnve manned these
whips bv tbe enlistment of British sublects, snd without
siver entering asy insurgent harbors they have sailed oa
tbe high seas, c unmlttlng depredations on the property of
tbe people of tbe United States, under protection of
the British flag. tn advance of this series
of proceedings I have been steadiiv engaged In making
represents!inna of tbe danger of tbe same to your lord
ghlp, tho correctness of which has been almost uniformly
VSriUed by tbe result.
Mr Sewsrd writes to Mr. Adsths September td. 1398 ?
8m?I b.tve the honor to aeknowiedge the receipt ot
?our dispatch ot tho 8th or September, together with tbe
torrespondeofe wbioh took ptaca between the Fori Ruaeoll
?nd yourself, on the occasion of the decision of her Ma
jesty's government to prevent the departure of tbe Iron
?lad steamships which hsve been prepared at Liverpool
I? make*iter ogiuiAt VnUqd 1
Viw are already aware or (ho mmUniliiii aftclif
tho ootoif or our country, which make (Mo prooeedlog
omtoentlylgratMying. There ore, however otbei ourcum
which ought I
OtMCM which o?ight not to bo overlooked
rum government has not boon forgetful oT the ogoaoy
or disloyal citizens of tho United States In
inaugurating the hostile enterprise, and in Insti
gating debates in Parliament and in the press
which have tended to embarrass the British sain
istry, and aggravate the responsibility which has de-*
volvud upon thoin. The President, therefore, thinks that
ho approhends, in some degree, the firmness and fidelity
to pint principles which the Cabinet oT Loudon has oier
Oiaed. Nor does he for a moment doubt that a sincere
desiro to oultivate ihe frieudship o( the United States has
had its proper influence ui tbe determination at which
tho Cabiuet has arrived. You will, therofore,spooially
inform Pari ltussoll that tbe government of tbe United
States will hereafter hold itself obliged, with oven more
oare than heretofore, to endeavor to conduct its inter
course with (Ire it Britain in such a mauner that tho civil
war in which wo are unhappily engaged shall, when it
comoe to its onu, leave to neither nation any permanent
causa for discontent.
[Seven hundred printed page* are devoted to the oor
respondence with Great Britain )
France.
Tbe correspondence uuber this heal dates as far back
as November 30,1862. Like that with Great Britain, it is
exceedingly interesting, but, owiug to its length, a few
points only can be presented in this condensation
fpkxch aokkowiKiKisMwrr or soiinreRn wDKPBVDnroa
Mr. Dayton, Paris, July 30,1863, in writing to Mr.
Seward says, referring to |his interview with M. Drum
de Lhuys:?1 then called his attention to tUe fact that the
journals of our country were now Israel y commenting
upon the position and purposes of the Emperor, In refer
ence to the acknowledgment of the independence of the
South, and that certain matters in commotion with the
conversation between tbe Emperor and Messrs. Boebuck
and Lindsay as reported by them, worn calculated to in
duce a belief that the Emperor wished to acknowledge
the South, and waa bald back by England only. I further
stated that it had bnan reported, from most reliable
sources, that Baron Gros had said the Emperor would
make another proposition to England? to act with him in
acknowledging the South, and if she would not do it, he
would act alone.
That these matters were calculated to creato unpleas
ant feelings in the United States towards the imperial
government, and, if not true, I thought it desirable for
the interest of both countries that they be oorrected. I
furthermore asked him distinctly what was the policy of
the Emperor in reference to the South. You will observe
that in this way 1 reached the subject-matter without
saying that I had bad any formal instructions from my
government to interrogate France- on these<que*tioas.
The answer of M. Urouyn de Lhuys was in substance
as follows.?Be said that the Emperor bad at uo time
made any proposition to England to acknowledge tbe
South. That who n Mossrs. Itoebuck and Lindsay came
over tncy pressed him hard to do so They said England
was ready to acknowledge the Soufb and would do so if
it were not believed that France would refuse to follow.
That if be would but say tho word their proposition for
acknowledgment (thou' pending in tbe House of Coin
mons) would puss at once. He answered that he
had given England no cause to bel.eve thai he would not
act w ith her; that tbe only proposition as to*afey action
in our attairs bad been made to bim by England and been
rejected by her. Thov then urged that he should make
the proposition for acknowledgment to England, which
be declined to do. They then asked if they might com
municate bis views. The auswer to this was merely that
bis views on the subject were no secret; but M. Druyi do
I,buys says he never droamed of their attempting to use
them, as they afterwards did. in the Houseof Commons.
Hs furthermore told them that he would not act alone
upon any important matters on tbe continent of Amerioa,
and more especially would he not act alone in our atlalrg.
As to toe romarks of Baron Gros, he would scarce
ly permit me to finish the statement as to what
they were. He began shaking bis head as 1 went on.
and at tbe close promptly said, Baron Gros never made
such remarks. He had never'sai'l anything of tho kind,
official or unofficial, public or private, as If knowing the
views of tbe Baron on this question. He disclaimed tbe
sentiment for him in the mo3t positive and oxpliclt
manner
In answer to my quest ion as to the policy of tbe Em
peror in re'erence to the South, be said he had none, he
waited on events. This, you may remember, I long since
apprised you was, in my judgment, what be was doing,
but I confer I began to foar that, unless events meudod,
be might think that be bad waited about long enough.
After some other remarks and questions by M. Urouyn do
Lhuys as to'our recent successes (the importance of
wnicli, especially that of Yicksbarg, be seemed fully to
appreciate) our conversation closed.
It appears from the documents that M. Drouyn de
Lhuys to M. Mercier, the Minister to tbe Uuited States,
an dor date o( September 15, 1863, substantially verified
tbe ebovo statements, saying:?In regard to tho recogni
tion or the States or tbe South, the intentions or tbe Em
peror's government were knowd to Uim, and this ques
tion waa still at tho point where our late conversations
bad left it. We had not, therefore, recognised tbe South,
and, much more, we had not signed with It any treaty
for the cession of Louisiana and lexas. With respect to
this I could repeat to b.rn wue.t I bad so often said to blui
already: that We neither sought for ourselves or for
others any acquisition in America. I added tbat I trusted
that the good sense or the [>eople of the United Status
would do justice to oxaggorations aud false suppositions,
by the aid of which it v/as endoavo.edto mislead uud
win public opinion, and thai T relied on his co-operation
in trying to render prevalent a more equitable apprecia
tion of our Intentions, and of the necessities wb!ch our
policy oouyeu.
MEXICAN An\*<t?.:.
In a letter from Sir. Seward to Mr Dayton, dated Sep
tember 20,19(W. tie explains the President's viowg m co
gard to the attitude ot France respecting the civil war in
the United States, saying, among other things ?Wo wish
to avotl anytuing calculated to irritate France or to
wound the .just pride and proper sensibilities of that
splrktod nation, and thus to Tree our ctann to her tor
bearauco. in our present political emergency, frotn any
cloud of pegs ion or prejudice. Pursuing tlnn course, the
President hopes that tlio prejudgment o' the Emperor
against the si ability of the I'd ion miythe sooner give
way to convictions which will modify his course, and
bring biin back again to the traditional friendship which
ha lound existing between this country and his own
when Ho obedience to her voice, be assumed the reins or
empire. These devirea and purposes do not imply either
a fear of French hostility or any neglect or a prudent pog.
ture or national selt-reliance. The subject upon which I
propose to remark in the second place, in the relatioa of
France towards Mexico. The United SUUet hold in regard to
Morico the tame principle* that they hold in repaid to all
other naii ??. They hare neither a right nor a disposition to
intervene try force in the internal affairs of Mexico, whether
to establish and maintain a republic or even a domestic
government there, or to ooerthrom an imperial, or a foreign
one. If Mexico chaoses to establish or accept it, the United
Stater hare neither a right nor deposition to intervene
by force on e the ' side in the tanuntabte war which it
going on' between France and Mexico. Cn the cem'rary,
they practi c in regard to Mexico, in event pha'e of ttaf tear,
the non-intervention which they require alt foreign /'outers
to cbierve in regard to the United States. But, notwith
standing this sell-restraint, this government knows full
welt that the internal normal opinion or Mexico favors a
government there republican in form, and domestic in its
organization, in prefcrencejto any monarchical Institutions
to be imposed from abrosd. This government knows
also that this normal opinion of the people of Mexico re
salted largely from the influence of popular opinion in
this coun'ry, and is continually invigorated by it.
The President believes, moreover, that this popular
opinion of tho United btates is just in itself and eminently
essential to the progress of civilization on the American
continent, which civilization it believes can, and will, if
left freo from European resistance, work harmoniously
together with advancing refinement on tho othor conti
nents. This government believes that foreign resistance
- <>r attempts to control American civilization must and
will rail before the ceaseless and over Increasing activity
of material, moral and political force, which peculiarly
belong to tbo American continent Nor do the United
State* deny that in their opinion their own safety and the
chocrfu! destiny to which they aspire arc ultimately de
pendent on the continuance or free republican Institutions
throughout America. They have submitted those opinions
to the Emperor of France on proper occasions, as worthy
o( his serious consideration, in determining bow.be
would conduct and close what might provo a aucressful
war in Mexico. Nor is it necessary to prsctiso roscrvo
upon the point. What If France should, upon due con
sideration, determine to adopt a policy in Mexico ad
verse to llio American opinions and sentiments which I
have described" That policy would probably scatter geeds
which would be fruitful of jealousies, which might ulti
mately ripen into collision between France and the
United Stitos and other American ropublics. An illus
tration of this danger has occurre t already. Political
rumor, which is always mischievous, ono day ascribes to
France a purpose to seize the Rio Grande and wrest Texas
from the United States; another day rumor advisee u?
to look carefully to our surety on tho Mississippi; an
other day wo are w arned of coalitions to be formed under
French patronage between the regency established in
- Mexico and the Insurgent cabal at Richmond
The President apprehends none of these thlogs. Re
does not allow himself to he disturbed by suspicions so
unjust to France and go unjustifiable to themselves , but
be iknows also that auch suspicion will be entertained
more or less extensively by this country, and magnified
in other countries equally unfriendly to t rahco and
America; and be knows also that It ia oat of such suspi
cions that tbo ratal wob of national animosity Is most
frequently woven. Be believes that the Emperor of
France must experience desires a* earnest as our own for
the preservation of that friendship between tbo two
nations which is so full of guarantors of their common
prosperity and safety. Thinking this, the President
would be wanting fidelity to France, as well aa to oar
own country, If he old not oonvorse with the Emperor
with ontire sincerity and friendship upon tbo attitude
which Franco is to assume ia regard to Mexloo Tbo
statements made to you by M. Drouyn de f.huys con
corning tho Emperor's intentions are entirely satlsrac
tory, If we are ugrmlttcd to assume them as having boon
authorized to bd made by tho Emperor, in view of the
present condition ot aOTuira in Moxlco. It Is true, as I
have before remarked, that the Emperor's purpose may
hereafter change with changing circumstances. We,
ourselves, however, are not unobservant of the progress
of events at home and abroad; and In no ease are wa
likely to neglect such provision for our own safely as
every sovereign Hltle must tlwsys be prepared to fall
back upon, when natlona with which they have lived in
friendship, ceaao to respect tbotr moral and treaty obli
gations. Your own discrst'ou will be your guide as to
now far, and In whet way, the public interests will bo
prevented by submitting these views to the oonstdora
tion of M. Drouyn do Uhuys.
Mr. Seward, under dato October 83, IM3, replies to a
dispatch from Minister Dayton as Hollows ?
8m?I have the honor to acknowledge the roooptlon of
your despatch of the Oth instant, which brings mo Mm
vlowo expressed by K. Drouyn de Lhnys concerning the
situation In Mexico. Various considerations have Induced
tho Prcsidont to avoid taking my part In tbo speculative
debates bearing on that situation which have been ear
ned on in the various capitals of Europe, as wall as those
or America. A determination to err on the part of strict
neutrality, if wo err at all, iaawarwbtoh la carried on
between iho two nations?with which the United States
maintain relations of amity and friendship?waa promt,
nent among tbo considerations to which I have thus re
ferred. The United States, norerthelesa, when Invited
by France or Mexico, cannot omit lo express themselves
with perfect frankness upon tbe now inci-ionta as they
coot* in the pr. grens of that war. If Drouyn de lAuya
n >w speaks of an election which bo exper.to to ho held in
W<co, sad t^ result of Ms ImpecU High
MM Ut mm Maxim It inn of Austria W be Emperor Of
Mexice Wo learn from ether source* that the Prince baa
decinred hie willisgoeoe to accept tbe Imperial (krone la
Mexico oo three ooadiUooo, vis ? Wet, (hot bo obeli
be called to It by tbo universal suffrage of the Mexioaa
nation. Second, that bo aboil receive wdtepeaaaMefuer
aataeo for ttoe*iadopeodeoce ?uJ integrity of tbe proposed
empire. Third, tbat tbe hood of the family, tbo mnpe
rorof Austria, ehnll aoquiesce Hofrrrhig to tboaO facto
M Urouyn de Lbuys intliuaies that an early acknowledg
ment of the proposed empire by tbe United Stetos would
be oouvenioDt to Krauoe. relieving her sooner tbaa might
be poastblo under tbe circumstances from ber trouble
eome complications vritb Mexico Happily tbe French
government has not been left uninformed tbat in tbo
opinion of tbo United Mates the permanent establish
111 ent of a foreign and monarchical government in Meitioo
will be round uetlhor oasy nor desirable. You win in
form M Drouyn do Uiuvs (bat this opinion remains un
changed. On the other band, the Uultod Stales cannot
anticipate tbe actiou of Mexico, nor have they tbo least
purpose 01 desire to interrero iu their proceedings,
or control or interfere with their rroo choice, or
disturb them in tbe eu)oyment of whatever institutions
of government tbey may, in tbo exorcise of an absolute
freedom, establish. It is proper, also, tbat M. Urouyn de
(.buys should be inrormed that tbe Unitod8laies continue
to regard Monro tbe tbeatro of a war which has not yot
euded in tbe subversion of tbe govornmont long existing
tbero, with wbicb tbe Unite 1 States remain iu tbo rela
lattoa of peace and sincere friendship; and tbat fos tbis
reason tbe United States are not now at liberty to con
sider tbe question of recognising a government which, in
(bo rurtber chances of war, may come into Its plaoe. The
United States, consistently with tbelr pinciples.can do no
otherwise than leave (Ac destinies of Mexico in the keeping
of her oum people, and recognise their sovereignty and indr
penitence in whatever form they fbewuefvet shall choose that
thie eovereignty and independence shall be manifested.
Mr. Arrogo, signing himself Under Secretary of State
sod of Foreign Aflbire to tbe Mexican omnlre, addressed,
July 20, IMS, a communication to Mr. Mtard "to the
end that be might be pleated to place within the knowl
edge of bis gevornmsnt tbe recent Important ovonts
wnicb have anally resulted In tbo organisation of an ap
propriate strong: and-durable government, witbtba vtow
that the-oation might be constituted." He then informs
him of what bad: boon done to establish tbe empire, and
the solemn decree- as the resell of their labors. Conse
quently tbe undersigned (Mr. J. M. Arrogo) relied on the
moral co operation of tbo govornmeota which are friendly
to Mexioo, among which he has the satisfaction of enu
morating that of the United States of America, which has
given so many proofbof its interest in tbo happiness of
Mexico*
Tne correspondence with France occupies ooo hundred
and thirty-one printed pages; and that, like that with
Great Britain, coutaius subjects of interest not lncluilod
in thu above condensation
Russia.
Ttie Information from Russia is repi eseotod toboaa
heretofore. Mr. .-toward, iu writing to Charge d'Afftnrs
Bayard Taylor, says, "She has our fmudship-in every
case, in preference to any olbor l-.uropcau Power, simply
because sho always wi3hcs us well, and leaves us to con
duct our sdlairs as wo tliiok best ."
Mr. Taylor, in writing to Mr. Seward, January 21,
1803, says ?"1 bavo just returned from an interview
wilb Prince Gortchacoff. 'Tell Mr. Seward,' said he,
? tbatHhe i obey of Rursia ia rogard to tbe United States
is fixed, and will not be changed by the course adopted
by any other nation Wo greatly desire, as you know,
tho termination of your uofortiiDato struggle; but wo
shall not oflcr our friendly mediation until it la certain of
being accepted by both sides?by tho foderal government
and by the Southern States. We oarnostly hope for tbe
mainteuance of tho Unlou; but at tbe samo time we bavo
no hostility to tho Southern people, and for tbe sake of
both sides we shall gladly proffer our services wbou they
are mutually requested, but not until then ? "
And tbe Kmperov expressed to Minister Clay In May
last tbat be bore in memory tho friendly expressions
forme rly uSSd in rogard |to tho Unitod States, and that
nothing would bo wanting on bis part to make permanent
tbe aoj -cable relations of tbo i?st
Sputa.
Mi Seward to Chargo d'Affairs Perry, Septembor 3,
1863, Mys ?"The President isfpleaaed with the assurance
from tbe M&rqule do Miraflores that tbo goveroinoot of
Spain still adheres to its policy of withholding recogni
tion from tbe insurgooUi "
After stating th?t Mr Perry baa net erred in briugiog
to tbo knowledge of the Marquis the bearing of tho present
ciril war upon tbo question of slay or y, at homo as well
abroad, Mr. Seward, says ?
irVAIRS m OCR!
Tbo Spanish government can easily dotormino for Itself
whether tbe continued enjoyment of Cuba with slavery
is mora likely to be secatod by a recognition of tho
insurgents, which would be aa act hostile to tbo United
States, than it will be secured by tbe policy of cordial
friendabip towards tbe United Stat es, which bos induced
thom for sixty years to respect that occupation tbem
selves, and to insist upon its boing respected by alt other
nations
7Ac Untied States government de not want any more Ter
ritories?certainty they do not want any more slavehoUttng
Territories ,
Tho United States government is not a forclblo propa
gandist of emancipation oven at home, although it does
not hesitate to strike slavery down when it rises in re
sistauco to the government. Much less is tbis govern
m int au armed propaganda) of emancipation or any other
poocy iu Coieigu countries But it ccruuuty could not, if
stsxilod by .any foreign hUvehoidtag Power, aiiow any
greater forbearance towards the slavery maintained !>y a
roiciga iruiy than it shows to domestic slavery when
employed by thj govornmont against the insurgents
initrtk.
Vr Seward, io writing to Mr. Motloy. v>;>totnbor 28,
1363, any? ? 'The Unlt- t S'.ites are not indifferent to the
ovou's which aro occurring in Mcx,cn Whilo the gov
prnmeots of Uu?m> two countries Arc not improperly
tell in any uDcertmuty alKKii the BuntimaiiU
of the United States, the ro|>ortod relations of a morObor
of the imiioriai family of Austria to those evonu, do not
soem sufficient to Justify this govornmout in making any
raprcsentations on that subject to the government of tuo
Kmjieror Tuis candor anil fairness towards the railed
.states warrant the President iu believing, as bo tirinlv
doos, that his Majesty will not suflcr his govornmom to
bo engaged in any proceeding hostile or injurious to tho
United States.
The Secretary thanks Mr. Motley for bis interesting
summary of too recent movements at Frankfort for Ute
reorgani cation of lite Stales of Germany, and says ?'The
United States eutertaiu such cordial sentiments towards
the States of Germany sevorally as must forbid auy pro
ceedtiigs calculated to embarrass the just action of either
o( them Tor its own security and advancemout. Out this
feobng ought not to roslrain us ftom saying that ovory
effort to consolidate all tho Gorman States under a fed
oration which would promote the common devolopmont
and progress of the entire fatherland would be bailod in
this country with profound satisfaction
Japan.
The documents are voluminous, detailing the troubles,
fee., in that kingdom.
Under date of September 1,1863, Mioletor Pruyp is in
structed to demand of tho government of tho Tycoon a
compliance with treaty stipulations, the prompt payment
of a sum sufflcieut to indomntfy all the losses which were
sustained by himself and othor members of the f^gation
ou tho occasion of the firing of bis official rosideufc, to
domaud that diligent oflorls be made to discovor tho In
cendiaries and bring tboin to condign punishmont, to do
mand proper and adequate guarantees for bis safe return
to Jeddo, and tho permanent ro-establishmout of the l/s
gallon Ihoro without delay and to insist on the full observ
ance of tho treaties between tbo Unitod Slates and Japan
in all particulars which have not been borotoforo waived
or jiostponed by ibis government, and demand reasons
bio indomnlty.to be fixed by himself, (or the loiurles
wbiph have been sustained by any Amoricao ciiuooa
from any acts of violence committed against them by
Japanese subjects, and ho will further demand thai dili
gent offorls bo made by tho Tycoon's government to bring
the aggre-teors to |u?lice, and to inflict upon them such
punishment ss will bo calculated to prevent further out
ragosof the game kind. Mr. Pruya is autborlr.od to em
ploy tbo naval force at bis command to protect himself,
tho lii'gation ami others or our countrymen uudor any
circumstances which may occur; and he will inform the
govornmout of the Tycoon that tho United States will,
as they Khali find occasion, seud additional forces to main
tain the foregoing demands
Mr, Seward, under date of Octobor 3. 1803, writes to
Mr. 1'ruyn ?' Having been advised by your despatch of
the 8th of August, which camo from! San Francisco by
telegraph, that the lycoon has returned to Jeddo, and
thai your relations with his government are much im
proved, I deem it inexpedient to rostraln your discretion
at prosont by special instruclioua, but cheerfully wail the
development of ovents which must luvo occurred sinco
that communication was sent "
Route.
Among the documents is one dated April 4, 1863 In
which Minister Blatchford nays to Mr. Seward?"ilia
Hoiiooas as well as the Cardinal Secretary are decided
friends Of the Union, and ardently desire that its integ
rity may be preserved. Ths latter was strong tu his
hopes that tho North would speedily subdue tho rebel
lion.'' ?
Belgium.
In a despatch from Mr. Seward to Minister Saodford,
September 28,1863, he says ?I have submitted to the
President your despatch of the 4th of September. Tbo
representations you nave made to his Majesty, as horetn
expressed, seem to have beeu discreet and proper, and
the liberal and friendly sentiments he expressed in reply
are cordially appreciated. If we do not mistake, the
civil war le now become so ruinous to those who began
It recklessly and without Just csuse as to Induce anxious
consideration about the probable rosult. This is uot sub
mission, nor is It reconciliation, but it Is the first stags
on tho road tc peace. As we advance to meet tho
problem or reconciliation many of its difficulties, which
at a distance seem so serious as to creato divisions
among the frisnds of the Union, may be expected to dis
appear. Prudence, therefore, requires that wo should
not prematurely engage la the discussion of thein
Consul General Thayer wrftes to Mr. Seward that a
vory marked stimulus has been imparted to tbo produc
tion of cotton in Kgypt, io cotiacquenco of the continued
failure of tho supply from Atnerioa. Mr Howard says
?his news la very satlaiaotory. The President, he say a,
Is cratifiod'with the now evideocse which your despatch
brings of the friendship of his Highness the Pscba; and
you are authorised to assure him that all his enterprises
ror the improvement of his people and important domain,
he has tho Hyrapatbv and wishes of the govornmout and
people of Use United States
Mexico.
Minister Oorwio, It appears from the correspondence,
has kept our government advlsod of the political and
military situation of Mexloo.
Under dale or August last Secretary 8eward writes to
him ?The President ia Inclined to approve the declaim
you made Hi declining the invitation of the Mexican gov
ernment to loave with It the anotent capital and repair to
Hah Gull. What would be tbo moot oonvenlent and fares
able position for the legation, wltb reference Io the pro
tection of American rights m Mexico, Is h question tbat
depends much on the conUagencies of war, which, though
they may be Imminent, cannot?at least at tbla distance
from the theatre of conflict ?be anticipated. It la not
perceived now you oould effectually assert those Interests
at U?o prmout m/mml rop^cnantatiycp to tbo goyqrn
?Mat ?t Ban bum. which m cat Of from an oowataaMM
tMM with llie legation While, on tba othar hand, you
wM aat be oxpected to address yeuraetf, under the pro
aoat oireumoianow, to the nor provisional aororaMOat
which bears sway at tho oapKal.
Orastl.
Mm to tor Wobb has kept tho gorernmeut fully advised
of afibira iu Brakll.
TOfl niUTIOAI. OUUISUKJA
In lioy last bo oal led tbo aUenlieu of tbe Brasillan
Minutor and 'Secretary of State for Foreign Allan r to a
gross breach of neuirallty perpetrated aud then being
perpetrated on tho part of the representatives of hie Majes
tf1# gov or on) out in the porta of Peruainbuco aud Rains.
Tbe ports ofltratii, Unsays, are made harbors of refuge and
places of resort and departure for their piratical vessels?
tbe Alabama, Georgia and Florida?avowedly designed to
prey upon the oommerce of tbe United Htates Ho asked
the Imperial government to promptly visit upon tho
offending Governors tho piiuialinicnt thoy have so richly
merited Ue shows tbo right of tbo United states to de
mand tbe capture of llie pirate Alabama by Brazil, if
possible, as a duty due afflce to itself, to tbe Urn ted states,
to humanity and to oivilizatioo
To this the Marquis d'Abrautee positively declares tho
government of bis Majesty is firmly resolved to maintain
and to oauso to be respected tbe neutrality hi the terms
in which it was declared it assumed it; and, what is im
portant. to deelare that it Is not diapoaed to allow this
neutrality to be violated iu auy way by those Interested
in tbe coulost. still less by tbo delegates of tbo govern
ment itself.
Secretary Seward, in blatter to Mr. Webb, says ?
The painful impressions wbiob these trsusurtioos
bava made wore alleviated by tbe extraordinary
diligence exercised on your part in bringing tbo transac
tion homo to tba knowledge of the.Emporor's govornment,
and by the prompt, just and friendly proceedings which
that govern moot has adopted
f forbear from raising tho question whether indemnities
wilt be dae to tbe Unitod States fur the loosen and iajuriea
tttflloted upoothoir cittaoeo until wo shall Have received
more authentic information of tbo circumstances which
attended tba transaction.
lappllmentary Correspomdeanai
PRANOB AMD TOR K8BBL PRIVATIRB9
fa tbe supplomont to this correspondency appears a (ot
ter from.Ministor Dayton to Secretary Seward, dated No
vember 13; saying>-AUtaodgh the foreign department
did not go bo far as to promlso me that all work on those
vessels building for tbo rebels at Bordeaux add Nantes
should coase, but only that#K> armament nod no delivery
should bo-bad-, yet our consul at Bordeaux writes mo tbat
on examination a day or two eince not a man waa to be
seen employed tboro. On bis prior visits tbo vesaote and
tbe yard Itself bad boen literally alive with men.
^TOB PBB3IDBNT ALLOWS TUB EXPORT OF TOBACCO TO
FOBKfQN COUNTRIES.
Tbe following exocutivo order appears in. tbo docu
ments. a copy of which was enclosed to Minister
Dayton ?
Exmorivs Mansion, Nov. 10. 1831.
fa consideration of peculiar circumstances, aud pursuant
to the courtesy deemed to be due to friendly Powers, say
tobacco lu tbe United Htat -a, lielonging to the government
either of France, Austria, or any other Htato wstb which
this country is at peace, and whloh tobacco waa mirchased
and paid for by such govern incut prior to the 4th day of
March, 1801. may be exported from any port of the United
Slates, under tbe supervision and apou. the responsibility
ot naval uflk-msof such goverumonta, and in. conformity to
audi regulations as may be prescribed, by tbe Secretary of
State of the United States, and not otherwise
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
SBC RET AST SEWARD'S INSTRUCTIONS TO GENERAL
BANES.
The following is from Mr Howard: to General Banks re
gardlng Intorcourse with Moxlco ?
? DseAKTMBKT or StAtb. (
WaaaiNUTON, Nov. 2.1. 186.1 }
Orwihai.?f have received and have submitted to the
President your three despatches of tbe Clb, 7th and 9th
respectively.
I have great pleasure in congratulating you upon your
successlul landing and occupation unon the Rio Onnde,
whloh Is all the more gratil^hn^because It was effected at a
moment of apparently critical Interest in the national
cause. You have already found that (he confusion resulting
from civil strife and foreign. war In Mexico offers seductions
for military enterprise. I have therefore to Inform you of
the exact condition of our relations towards that rcpublto
At the present time we are on terma of amity and friend
ship, and maintaining diplomatic relations with the repub
lic or Mexico. We regard that country as the theatre of a
foreign war mingled with civil strife. In thts conflict we '
Lake uo part, aud on tbe contrary we practise absolute non
luterveniioa and non Interference. In command of tbe
frontier, it will devolve eo you, as far as practicable consis
tently with your other functions, to prevent old or supplies
being given from the United States to either belligerent.
You will defend tbe United States in Texas against any ene
mies you mar encounter there, whether domestic or foreign.
Nevertheless, you will not enter any part of Mexico unless
It be temporarily and then clearly necessary for the protec
tion of your own lives sgaiust aggression from the Mexican
bordor. You can sssnme no authority in Mexico to prelect
the dUxens of tbe United Slates there, nruch less to redress
the wrongs or injuries committed sgainsl the United States
or their citizens, whether those wrongs or Injuries were
committed on one sldo of thejborder or the other If con
suls Mad their positions unsafe on the Mexican sldo of the
border, let them leave the country rather than Invoke tho
protection of your forces These directions result from tbe
fixed determination of the President to avoid anv departure
from lawful neutrality, and any unnecessary and un
lawful enlargement of tbe present Held of war;
but at the same time you will be oxiiected
to obseiv" military and political events as the occur
iti Mexico, and to communicate all that shall the
import out <or this government to understand courcnilng
them. 11. is hardly usrcHssi-y to say that any sugncUtous
you may think proper to give for the guidance of the gov
ernment in Its relation* towards Mexico-will be considered
with that profound respect which in always paid to the
opinions which you express In making this communica
tion I have .-tides cored iu avoid entering into the sphere ot
your rutlitury operations, and io cunfine myself simply to
tli.it lu wbicb you lira ia contact with, the political move
mots now going on in Mexico I am. General, your obe
dient servant. WILLIAM II SEWARD
Major General It I' It a-as. Commanding the Dcpar'mxut
or tlnxftolf, BrownsviUs, Texas
INSTRUCTIONS TO OUR MINISTER fN MEXICO.
KU .IliWIBa TO ?1! OOISWIN ?NO. Btt.
Okpaittmbnt or Stats J
Washington, Dec. 21, 1463 1
Sin?Tour despatch at October JC, No. 47, has l>?t-n re
,-elrcJ ma submitted to the President. and you will accent
liis gr.nelul .i-knowlcdgmeiiU Tor llir very lulerivtiuK
luformatiou sod judicious oWrvaUoiu which it cunliiria
cioncoi nina tlio pranout condition ot Mexico In reply to an
inquiry contained In your despatch, I bare to inform you
thai la the absence or further ioalruetlona from this depart
meot, you will i* eipected io remain in me aama reiatiooi
an now toward* the government of IhefR'nited Htatea and
Mc cico If for auy cause your residence In ttie city of Men
co ahall become Intolerable or seriously luoouvenient, you
will be at liberty to report to any other part of tlin country
or to return to the United States. No contingency ta now
anticipated in which you will lie expected to address yourself
to nnjr other government than the oue to which you are ac
credited
I give you for yenr Information a copy of an instruc
tion that haa been given to Major General Banks alnce hia
occupation of Brownsville, Texas. lam, air. your obedient
servant. WILUIAil II. REWARD.
TuonA.i CoawfK, Esq., Ac.
The entire correspondence covers one thousand th-oe
hundred and twenty-nine pages Comparatively a few
points bavo been conden-ed from the goner ally interest
?ng pages and embodied in tho abovo hastily prepared
abstract
Ottjr latsUlgsate.
Ton QxBMka Sooibtt. ?The annual mooting of tho mom
tiers of this society was held last night at tbe locale or tho
German Lledorkranz Musical Society in fourth street,
mil the following gentlemen woro elected as tbe Board of
Directors for tbe ensuing year ?Siglsmund Kaufmaoa,
Willy Wallach, (diaries Danfelt, Emit Sauer, E. P. Liobor,
D H. Balger and Ad Liebenrotb From the annual ro
port submitted It appears that during tbe past year
*1,291 wero oxpcndod by the Holier Committee in two
thousand aud thirty casos of need and destitution among
the German emigrants?*274 more than during the pre
vious year, although the number of PUT SO? thus sup
ported wore loss than the previous yoar Mostly ooor
widows with small chlldron, and poor families in > isosof
sickasas, wero thus supported. In this manner a great
deal of suflering has been relieved among tuuny
of the Gormen poor. At tbe beginning or tho
winter applications were increased, aud many poor
widows, with small children, found it, under exlsliug cir
cumstances, imi>ossll>le to support themselves, or ovon
uy I be greatest exertions to earn a sufficient sum to pay
their rent. A number of Gorman physicians of this city,
Brooklyn and Williamsburg volunteered to furnish modi
cal aid for the patients lu chsrge of the German socely
The agency or tho society is located at No 5 Battery
place Many frauds on emigrants wore prevented by the
officers and a policeman stationed tdere Tho remittances
amounted to $4,110, against *3,817 in 1802. 7bo.-e were
mostly moneys from emigrants to be trausm.ltcd to thoir
relatives in the old country Tho agency of tho socioty
was much resorted to t>7 sroployors to obtain help and
laborers.
Tbe number of German emigrants who arrived at this
port during tho year 1863 was 38,236.
n?Q'urn Mass at ?r. Rrtpinm's Roxak Catholic Crosni
rou Awnmanor Huoma ? A grand roqutem moss for the
repose of the soul of tbe lato ArchbUbop Hughes took
place at St Stephen'a Roman Catholic church, in Twenty
oighth street, at halt-peel ten o'clock yesterday morning.
Although tbe weather wae extremoly unfavorable for
outdoor travelling, tho church was nevertheless crowded
to Its utmost capacity with a fashionable congregation.
The interior waa suitably draped in mourning colors, and
a beautiful catafolao was erected in tho centre aisle, close
by the altar. Rev. Dr. Cummings, pastor of the church,
celebrated the mass, assisted by the Rev. John Orsonlgo
as doacon, the Rev John Larkln as sub deacon, and the
Rev Christopher Farrsil as master of oerera?nles After tho
mass the Very Rev. Br. Starra, Administrator of tho Arch
diocese, performed tho absolution, with the customsry
attendance of acolytes, Ac. Tho music furnlehed by tbe
choir, under the direction of Honor Mora, organist, was
s iporh. Among the artists who snog were Honor Mon
jardini, tenore; Sonar ?entomort, basse, and Mnlamo
Clarknon, soprano.
Nxw Yoaa OrniAUHO Qosmat.?At tho annual mooting
of tho directors of this hospital, held last evening, tho
surgoous (Mark Stephenson, M. !>., J.P Garrlah, M. D ,
and Marcus P. Stephenson, M. D.) reported that they had
during the year 1868 attended nearly one thousand new
patients with marked euccees. The annual election of
officer! resulted as follows:?For President, Solomon
,Iminer, A. M.j vice President, Hon. W. 8. Davleon,
Treasurer, C.C . Corson , Secretary, J, R. Cuming Wo
understand that the surgoous and officers will epare no
offi'rts In the usefulness of this chsrltahle institution. It
is opou Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, from one to
thrro o'clock P. M., for too gratuitous treatment of all
diseases of the aye. The hospital Is located at the corner
of Fourth avenue and Twenty eighth street, in the home
stead occupied for a quarter of a century by Peter Cooper.
There le something quaintly It la tbte charitable use of
the old homestead, wherein even yet tho benevolent spirit
of its owner seams to dwell.
nvrouun? Waittwv?Attention is Invited to the adver
tisement soliciting Information respecting Mr. George W.
Ven Hook, of Oolumbus, Mississippi, who loft hie place of
rsaidence for Naehville,Two., lu July, 186*.
TBI LATI nil I If DO AMI ITRIIT?HONOR TO TBI
?RAVB.
to tbu eorrou or tub bbra!j>
At the Ore lu Dueoe etreet lest Saturday night Mr.
John Fitspetrlck, of Howard Engine Oompeay, Ho. *4,
reecuod from the building two children, while m danger
of bis own life He rawed up stairs to the room whtob
tho children wore ta and saved their lives. Just two
KBSSSSisr
Trtai Of n Him.* for huu?m
of I'ollctiuii Qouricr
0OVRT 09 OTM 1Kb fWUfiMia,
??for# Judge H<1*1-4
?wow Oir
tto trial* Joku 8. H'jlmm, tor Iks kflltmg ef p^tlco
?*? Oeurley oo ibo night of November 8, 1864,
fM '??"??A yssterday Peforo Judge l4Mtr(, Noiwith
standing (bo ittoiomeucy of tbo woathar, 4bo courtroom
was crowded nod (bo to tor m( of u.e spectators costumed
unabated Tbo prosecution bavins rouiea
TOM OiHI JOB TUK DtriNOI
wm opeood by Mr 8po?cert who called (ho attention of
tbo Court to roporto of (be (rial as published ? oomo of
tbo njuBptpors, and otatod (bat such reports wore cat.
. to d0 ?roHt tojuottoo to hut clioal. Bo hoped tho
Court would i.,struct tba jury that tboir mtods wore oot
to bo prejudiced by auch publications.
hadotUrM ,PrMU,nPW?? * ,MW ,kat ?? jury
^^luerrand0?,^0'^ 1??"? "? ^oocolo
Ilooor to uiToaur furthlr tJ. unnecessary for bia
Judge llinart-if h, f 00 tbf ?ubJ9Ct'
to roterence to act"of ai,T TJ T *ay 10
afier tt?o present case wm !!?*0fc?* Cau do so
nothing to dowitbwbat they ??T\^ihA }ur'
and would, no doubt, faithfully oh??.?f
tbo Court received ou tho previous oay 'nJunolt00 <*
Mr. Spencer fhen proceeded to open t iio ca?? r?, .k? a
foore, taking the ground that tho case . d?'
ablo botnicide, and that tho killing of Uourlov^ru8*''!.'
o,1' ^i10.8f?odmptberof the Jefoodant WH
?115? ataad? t? tortiiy to the ooomttob Of Uoimm
waaowmLatfhntS? "Ub,>tn* Tbo defendant's head
on the floor about ttarMujkarters ofm bSf?' t!b?L {
polloocaao oatno to and Mid be muat7?%eT?^
By Mr. HaU?Tbo prlaober wae covered all ??.
blood, and bla abouldor was blaok and blue fMra Stew
art, who ?over eighty yearaof age, and comniotota bh?d"
ss. sr. kwskt "-^assatt
called to atTond to Holmes and Gourley both the prlwnS?
was inaooslble, and I waa obliged to apply gu?3S?"
there was a largo wouud of the bead, from which oEod
?nTts waaafra,,J bo hafl concussion of.iho bralu
and advised tho police to take blm to tho hospital ? thrrn
wore black and bluo marks on Holmoa' neck and 'about
ders; those black and blue marks may occur in fifteen
minutes after receiving iho uijury the olTect or a blow
from a policeman's club ig indirectly dangerous tbuaa
clubs are made of heavy wood, and death may take ni?-?
from tbo effect of a blow sovomI year,
aa'^ih ,!? know what Oourfor's club was madt of"
could not say wboiher Oourloy had been drinking that
uighl or not , [ considorod Holmes' wound a very dancer
2-2Mth?. i'?eJ aM tow offlcor in command at the
wii m80 ^ wl Wlm tb0 wor,t of the two pationts
Wo?,d 8UCh a b,ow 1,8 Holmos recolyod bo ilkoly to
produce temporary insanity? A. Vos
By Mr. Hall?Q. Vou say you considered Holmes mors
dangerous than Oourloy? A. Yos mor? ,
n?S. ^?,u ?lam'n? Qourlert and if so, what did vou
flnd? A. Ifound a stab wound in tho chest which an
rwr h4ve b?0n lDfl,ct0(, with n sharp Instrumout.
k Sn'2 ?ou an^ ''uowlodge or a prisoner evor havma
th^i ri ^ a hlow from one of thoso clubsf a No"
Sfigsr*"-1 k 1 uv# board ?r ,ucti????!
William KMuevan deposed that ho was nraanni
night of Noyomber 3,1864, during tho difficulty b^^S
Gourley and Holmes. Policeman Sbeoliau bad hold or a
man named Coins, when Mr. Holmes camo Vrolw tho
batl(100 fbo oBoor's club said?
p~?ri 8 88 18trilta 'be man on tbe bare' bead "
Sr^^inraoS'ar^Sy aSSSl-S1
J?would rathiwaMlat him, bu tbod id? no?
Ul?ilg0?"?aa!kr?ck<? 'bobare tatd A frlani
Holmes,nauxodCallatiM, who was Kim tbor" wm
pushod into tbo gutter by Sbeeban iho latter
WOon ?'0 r^HeJTtluB bo
drunk, and thereupon arrested him Holmoa iam
Callahan to go to tbo station bouse quietly, and that ho
would see to it In the morning; Shectuui aodOourlav
then took the prisoner to tbe station bouse, and sbor"y
: afterwards returned and ran towards Holmes who waa
standing In the street talking to- a one-armed man ? shoe
taau said, ? There Is Holmes, tbo boo of a b , and wo
w'l?arfMt blm,' Holmes said be would do no such
thing?that Sheobon knew where he lived and could, get
hfm at any time; Shoohan then approached Holmes, who
ondoavored to defend bimaelf; Sheeban tBen struck
Holmes twice with a ctub, once on tbe arm and once on
the head; Uie ooxt thing r saw was Holmes on tho ground
and tbo two poUoemen on top of blm, Gourley and Shoe,
ban waro both beating Holmos with tbelr clubs- they
struck bim flvo or six times at least; I then heard flour
I??, TC u? ,tha' h0 WM ?abb^: Sheeuan Jumped up
L L hV " ,?!?' 10(1 raa away; Holmes tbeo rati
into hio bouse, which was within a tew foet of tho spot
where ho was knocked down: I had known Holmes abiut
aV" 8 .? 'be octurronco: Gourley ap
Sf Hl'uor m9 M "* U? Wa3u little unclor infl'iODM
By Mr Hall-I did not see Mr. Smith or Mr Brown
r?!"?r nr'tUS ,dlfllc"ti'. wl)en Shoohan went away
with Callahau, Iloluios said ho bad cot Hlioehao on ir/t
police and would gel him dismissed ftom tho doparloiAnt
II ^arabS-''m|ie|,of No^^12 Dover street, tostiOod thai at
tbo timo of the occurrence she roddod at No r,0 Green
w.ch atr-eot; witnessed th? difficulty botw eon Colhs and
jioluomon . li-eban and Gourley. witness aud Mrs Colin
took hold of Mr. Collis and dragged bim In from tbo
piliccmcn; a. wo were dragging him 1Q ur B0im0lj
?fif?. uP ant' smd "for God's saks dont kill tbo mau by
slriktog buu on tbo h?ad." r i
? .B>' Hal!?TYbou Holmes spoke to lha officers thor
8hi*0theedolr0l:1 ?? C?IUa' Ml wo dra?9d bim ib and '
prSSer^wM 'nrS^ 'SZn"?, '?? ?<>thorof tbo
AsS.l?iJ.uaB *2 b? fonroysd to tbo C^onor J
olllco In a carriage, when be waa coodnod in tbe Tomba
waa ettacked with erysipelas of tbe bead wbiob lasted
some time; b,a bead was alt swollen. alTfrom tbatd??
to this, If ho takes tbo smallest drop of spirits be be
comes quits wild. 1 ? "?'
John Dal ton dojwsod that he was assistant rant am of
police m Movombor, 1854, saw Hoimw 1^t^staU^
house in Franklin Market tbe morning iter tho oJcu?.
renco, bo appeared to be pretty well cilt up, I could not
say how many blows be rocoivod as 1 did not exauUna
him; be appoarod to be exhausted and in p*m Capta i
Hatpin told me not to talk to Holmos pwiQ
kaB7 -Holmos was in the offlcoof tbe station
A??h# K i 001 'r?? tb0 'r?un<1" his bead on account
ffHw bandages, I was not a rriond of Holmes; I noror
s|H)ko to him at tbo time, was not oo tbo beat terms with
one. (Itaugb?or )' <lWr8' WM ^
CeorgwHueeton detailed the Circumstances attondins
the stabbing proity much In tbo same languago as that
UA9d bf tho wltuOTJ? Konuoran flaw llalmM imorirnH
down by Uourloy and Shoohan, did not see Holmos uso a
knifo, did not see anything m his band. w
The ca?e for tbe dofoncs here rested, and Mr Smith
procclod to sum up the evldonce oo behalf of bis client
2?t^i ,2POka r"r ab?ul lbre* hours, inaiQtaioing
that the killing was done in self defence, and that the
ban?to of tbejury!" 10 M I,0Q',r?bI? a0'u"*al ??'bo
At tbe conclusion of Mr. Smith's remarks tbe Court
Mr flii.nm raorulog at eleven o'cloc k, when
Mr. Hall will sum up tho case lor the prosecution
Court of Semloit*
TO TUK BOITOH OF TI1F UF.r.ALD
lu the (uo repoi ted to the Hfhald of to day, of Burke T*.
Fleming. I demre to stole that ar name la not Tbomaa
Fleming. and that I am uot a borkoo^r ^CeiiU^lree^
Court Calendar?Thla Day.
SiPRRW CouttT?8n?hl Tmim.?No#. 161, 193, H"5,
218, 160, 30, 140,11)8, 183,102, 106, 143, 223, 231 to 234,
230, 237. on las'JW of U? and (act. No. 13 oa demurrer
^gfrrmnia Corttr ? Part 1.?Qyer tad Termlnor Part
2.-No? 651. 871, 182, 580, mT 734, 683, 438,618, 620,
03d.
Si muoa Coctut ?Part 1.?Noa. 3245 , 2361, 3133, 3?.
3100 26br,, 1265,3103, 3173, 323'), 3'257, .,253,8263 , 3268,
3267.' Part 2.?Noa. 3162, 3100 , 298, 3102, 2822, 3144,
402.3208, 3210, 3212,3214, 3216, 3218, 3220, #222.
Com Mod putM ? I*art 1 ?Noa. 299, 83, 211, 148, 246,
233 308 to 810, 145. 220, 393. 327, 328. 60. Part 2 -
Noa. 94 , 302 , 303, 307 , 315, 162, 400, 190K> 288, 324,
416 , 205 , 97 , 325 . 326
Wot to be Destroyed.?Pholom ?fc Son'a
"Night Blooming Cereua" la no: only tho moat aochantlng
perfume of the age. but the moat itideatructlhle. The air
fiaa no effect upon St, eirept to incraaae IU delicacy. Tt la
aumleaa at the dewa that fall upon wa*en patnU of the
flower In the garden land of South America. PBALiQN *
8 ON. 61T Broadway do! 4 by all dn.gglata.
J in.' ii ?' 1 "
Official Orawiagi of Murray, Eddy &
Co/a Kentucky State fcotfcrr
Kaaroccr. Ext#* Clam 1*7?Jan. 19.1864
02, 01. 54, 61. 4, 55, 2, 14, 71, 30, I, 72, 50.
Kawrockf. Clam lit?Jan. 19.1864.
21, 38 23, 7. 68, 78, 17. 13, 73, 14, 20. 42.
Ciro .lar. aea: free of * 00 .
Covington. Ky.
Official Draerlngaof tlu Shelby College
botterr of Kentucky
Kim* Clam 31?dan. 19. t86t.
30 42 51, 24, 16, 47, 41. 62. 41, 49, 34, 10. 74.
i " ? Clam 3*?Jan. 19. 1864.
lrt, 40, 21. 23, 21, 60, 11, 24, 20, 17, 44, 50.
Circular* aent by adlreuin^ ^ ft] MHO MS SCO.,
fl'ioceaaora to John A Mocrta A Co.
Offlgial Drawings of the Library Aaso
eiatlo^'ompany ? lottery of Kentucky.
BrraA Cr.A?i M7-0an. 19.1864.
40, 27, 05. 74, 24, 31, 42, 7, 44^ 06, 11, 35, 55.
Clam 628?Jan. 19.189A
13, 04, 48, 10, 67, 39, 72, 49, 54, 61, 51. 2?.
""rlffiioS! friftTo8..-e*o??. w.
MM C..K.. la *11
ilea and Information glrea. OkUUkn{BBS A BENJAMIN,
Broker., 319 Ohatlnu" atrael. Philadelphia
* Priiri Caahed in All Legal Lolterlaa.w
Prompt and SSTJwH! mraet, *? T.
' Prices Cayxad tn All fttfkwT
rlee. InformaU^Tpwn^,
ftovdi Rathvi# ??"30
Praevium fald f?r rr'"*- '*'"{"iVlrmn?U and *111
a?2to. paid 'rJtf&Tco Bankers* 16 $elf atraat.
Oraact Scheme ou the Royal
I w3s?w?ra!i23?.5Sfj
AdArrM U Nnuktn. ?
POI.I. A* A HON Meevsobauwi ?Mt/Martrt Xtm?Sm
?Lest, near Rowftrr, tre selling Pipe# M KW
A Beaalifwt ConpUilM,. totrd'lBlMM
? - *cW,?"*d * retobnly of hsvhl* e* oqu si If
'* c*M?w? *?i Akin I?as In^Air, oaf
druggist* < verywhw
A ?*erfe<t Hal, Orc-Millers. only 6QM
? bOS Try it. Ho*d by Druggiau ll^u W Mty iti?M
An and fit nr. Article.
IIIAUHT AMU OH It ARt.lt,
C RON DAL'H PATENT PREPARED tOUK rTnrFTNQi
A Urge assortment or Mattress sn<1 Komiiui* "---if Tlfl
Heat* for Ooarlie* Theatre*. Ac. I.ifi- l>rr?>r??ur Pillow?
and Bout H?<U*, Having Pad*. Ac . OonsUutiy oa Hand. aaA
order* Oiled at the shortest nolive at 706 BROADWAY, T<J$
All Those AUIirted with ICJieumaitaaa,
Pile*. Nervous anil Itliioinsllc flodachr will Aug great
relief aud romfoit Irom usuig C RON DA I.'H PATENT PKM .
I'AltBD CORK STtfPFBD Matlresses Seat* CuslnfmsfM'll
low* Ac. Call a tut *maiuiu? the arti le al
TtKt BROADWAY. TW,
BAlAhtlor'* Hair Dyr-Thf Oealyln th*
world. Harmless. reliable, instantaneous The >oty par
feet dye Hold Ay alt druggist* Factory At Barclay atreot
BillUrdi.-tangley'a Ollllard (loon,
IM Pulton ?!icel. near the ifeiald olhre. Pmfessor Burke
be* a constant game of Pool, day and evening. lieaker'a
celebrated table*, wMit cousWnatou. cushion*. aCall ie and
amuse yourselves
Cae'e Oongh Bnlenoa
CUBES CROUP liYBRY.TIME
00ABB TIOKUNOJM THB.THROA*
CORES .TILE MOST STUBBORN OOUGtt
CURBS OOLPB WrTHOUTFAU.
CORES CaiULHABD PBTGR
O0RRH HOARSENESS AMO SOB* TBROAT.
CORES INPtiUBNTiA AND LUMP COMPLAINT*
COUTH ONLY f!i CENTS
8?'d by D, H. HMtNRH A OOi
And nil Druggist*
Obepi, OhAfeu, Sallowneaa, BropUewA
Spots. goercs and all Akin Blemish -* cured by OOURAUD'b
Italian Medicated Soap. tKJ Broadway
CrUtadoro'a Hair Ore, Preeervatiww
and Wig depot, wboleaaln and retail, No. G Astor BeaeC
The dye uppUed by skilful atti*U.
Corns, Bunions, Inverted NutU, Ee
largcd Joint* oud all 'list-am-* of the feet cured, without palp
or Inconvenience to the patient, by Or. ZACilAIUB. Bur
geoa Ohiropodlat, 760 Broadway,
Do Sol Let Your Pri jyidUe Stand Be.
tweeo your suffering child and the relief thai wiU be -ibee
lulely sure la follow the use oC MRS. WINSLOW'H
SOOTIUNG STROP It rorrecte acidity of the stomach,,
veiievas wind colic, regulate* tbo bowel*, soften* the gnsae
give* rast to the mother and health to the child ISceota a
bottle Offices 18 Dey street. New Fork, and.108 High He*
horn, London, England.
Deafness, Blindness, and all Defects?#
Sight and Hearing treated, aa usual, by Dr. CADWBLL. HA
Clinton place (Bightu street). Examinations free. HoerA
from 9 to 1.
Exercise. Health, Amni?mtnl.*Woo4'l
Gymnastic Academy. No. 6.Bait Twenty eighth street, ltd
quarter.
flonraed'i Poedr* Bahltle Uproots Hair
from upper lips, low forshsads, ot any part at the bcif
Varranted. 108 Broadway.
Iloyt'a Hiawatha Hair Restorative?
Mis* A. Kiddy, of No. 10 University place, corner of Eighth
aticet. New York, bays ?"1 have used the Hiawatha I we
year* When I commenced using It my hair waa so grew
thai I waayobllgad U> wear a frontplece It lias corapletolg
restored it to Its orginal color and natural appearance, taken
away us harshness and continues to benefit It by it* use."
U I* warranted to produce same effects In all cases
JOSEPH HOYT A CO.. W University place, K. T
HHPs Hair Die-50 Cents, Bl ark mm
brown, tostaulaneoua Reliable. Depot No 1 Barchr
street, hold by all druggist*.
Horrible Tragedy.
Two thousand persons, principally women and. children
burned to death In a church, in Chile.?Largo, and. graph is
Illustration* of fbl* awful irafedy. exterior and fntertov
views of fhe horrible scene during the ronllagraUon, froaa
sketclie* taken on the sypt by Dr. Carlo* H.mi nines. aoA
drawn by Hitchcock exclusively for DEMO REST'S. MHW
YORK ILLUSTRATED NEVYg, will appear this woek, pro
selling Hie most awful suirertagi aublimo aceae and lute*
esttng pictures ever given
Also many other splendid illustration* In 'bis new type
A' Do no* fall to send youc order* m early Out ou vft
day
ifannary BO, IHC4.-Jam? Gordon Ben*
uelt. L* |. ?Dear Sir?Knowing you wield s powerful pee
lor j u*tu c, please, when it suns your convenience, say a few
words to the Htcond Avenue Railroad Company In your
valuable paper Tbev have the entire monopoly of two am
nue?, up the Second aicnue aud down the First BetweeS
three and four yews since they paid eight per cent dividend,
which induced me to purchase several share*of theh otocR.
since winch time they have paid nothing From* converse,
lion with one of the conductors, he says It is a good ro*<L
bu'i* kepi down oy *>me men lie think* the recelp'sef
the i Old tire about gllW per d iy better than they were thee
jusriuo.
Lyon's Periodical Drops?The Great Pa
male Regulator?are sold by all druggists. Price $1 W*
bottle.
Leslie's Ginger Wine.
Delightful, soothing, re fresh I eg
For sale al all the leading grocers' in the city
Len ?* Perrlne' Worcestershire Saaco?
In quart*, plat* and half pint*.
JOHN DUNCAN A HONS, sole agent*.
Uuloo square and Fourteenth street
Miss Mlna Geary, the Talented V or ag
ist. says ?"I have good reason for hlsblr rccominendidh
KENDALL'S Am no line for tne hair." Sold by all druggSfiT
Messrs. Simmons, Rogers * Co. nan
enthomed to receive deposits and make ooilertiooa oe ?4
account. I E. SIMMONS A OOb
Manger's Direction Lkbeli and ThBM
Dennlson's Merchandise Tags, Patent Direction leMM
Pey's Patent (look Togs. Oum Thkets, Ac., at YIOTOB R
MAUGRR'S, 116 Chambers stree'.
Opern and Field Glassea of OMB
power, at AS SO to ?!S. at UORM'S Optical BooiM. til trd^
wiy. one Uight up * lairs
Patents I Patents I Patents f
Messrs. Ml'NN A CO.. publisher* of the 80TBRTIM9
AMBRIUAN, continue to ert a* Attorney* for sceiirlim fin
tents for new Inventions in this snd alt foreign couolrMA
Messrs, Munu A Co, have had seventeen years' etjwrlenee
In sollcung Putents, and have acted as Attorneys for mom
than 30.UU0 Inventors.
Pamphlets containing the Patent Laws and other unear
tsnt informstiou for inventor* lurulihed frse on appiun
Man.
Consultation and advice free Address
MUNN A CO., 87 Psrk row New York, or
Come I F and Hcvcuth streets, Wsehingtuu, O. 0.
S. T.?IfiOO?X.
Wo will pa? tl per dozen far ail Plantation flitter Botilan
dMtrered at our manufactory, 105 Liberty atreet, io (Mfl
order. ' ]
BEWARE OP COUNTERFEIT STUFF, Iff "1 Tilt
BOTTLES.
Any peraon pretending to aril Plantation Bittera by Ihn
Rlloo, or In bulk, loan impoatorand xwlndlar. r*
IE THAT EVERT BOTTLE flAS OUR PKIVAT1 OOT
EUNMBNT STAMP OVBB TUB CORK.
P H. DBABB A CO
Berord Prewniatlon at Wllllamabarf,
Va ? Capt. Dudley W flaynez. 139th Regiment V. T.
wa* pi can tiled with a inngntlicent Sword and Belt by tha
non commissioned ofDcera and privates of hi* command, m
a token of their ea'eem. valued at 9tu0 The praaeiiUMaa
speech waa reapoadcd to In a neat and able manoflr by mn
recipient.
Ticket or Leave Man, Aftarnooa aafl
evening. at Barnuma Muse tu. Chants. O war fa. 4c. at A
bourn.
Trnaaen.?Marah'a Radical Cam Traaa
offlce corner of Broadwar and Ann atraet Silk Bleat*
Supporters. London Bupportera, Marah'a Spring flnppnrtevm.
Stilt Kiaatic stocking*, shoulder Bracaa, flutpenaory laat
age*, Ac A lady alien<lan>,
Trnaaee.?.Biarnh A Co., Radical Oorj
Trua* offloe, onlr at No J Veaey street, Aalor UotuNi flfl|
Blaatic Goods, Bupportera. shoulder Braces. 4c A lady ?
taudmat
Uphnm'i Hair Dye,
ONLT SO CENTS 4 BOB.
Qrtr. Red. or Ftaren Raircan be chanced m a few m
road* io a natural Black er Urewn by using UPOAM'lt
LIUUID If AIR DTB, the beet anJ cheapest In the world
Baoli box of Upham's Hair Dye la ivarrauied to cealaii
more than ethers sell for At. Tt r it. It will not Inters tba
|lissof tha moil delicate ha r. Bold by J. J KROMBR, MB
rheatnut *treel, Philadelphia. and by all reportable try
{ ?'? In tha United Htatss and Brlllah Province* A*k IW
rUphara'a llalr Dye." aud take no other. NewforkaaM
By. (iciuiboid a Dr >g anl Chemical Warehouse. IM Brnad
?y. 4
Wheeler A Wilson's Hlcheet Promt
Lock Stltrh fl?wlng Mach'uea, office WB Broadway. ?
5
Died.
Bfwmrrr?On Tuesday, Jaoj*ry 11, at his
Jamier BaffNflR, in the Milt year of blea?. ?
The friend* of the family aud thoaa of hU bfWB*,
cbaei Bennett, are tented to attend tba fnoewal, froaa tde
late residence, Warren atreet, between Fifth and Stem
avenues. Brooklyn, on Thursday afternoon Jht two O'Ctoo^F
Brawa ?In Brooklyn, January It* MyiVr Hootm*. tflfl
beloved wife of John Byrne, in tbe 301b, year of her aflR
a native of the town of longford, trelr.od.
Tim roianvee and friend* of tbe (b*?tiy are rnapectMlf
inv'ted to attend tbe taneml. fror4 her late reehtewk
corner of Butler street and Clalaoit avenue, on TkWBf
afte.aoon, at two o'clock. Har romaioa will be hater red
in tbe Cemetery of the Holy Cr use, FlatBuab. ..
Bawwr ?Suddenly, on M.onday evnolofl. Jafltwy tie
Fit.11AM H. nAMatT, aged y, yoere. .. . __
vTtie funeral eorviceew.il take plttWal bd
abl Weet Twentymoco'jd street.tbla (Wedneadagj
noon, at four rifcjft, The rafttlve* and ^
family, also tV, member* of AUnntto Lodge No. 1/1..;.
and A. M , ?r# roepectfnllT invited to attend wUBpg
further lb*', tattoo Tko tomaiuo wttl ?# tnBm tn *??!*
port, Cor a .. rr?,m aan
?'if,*. ?On Tueodar morning, January 14,^^
<* ' -o W. and Anna iynoo,
Tbefriands and onfl