The Nrwi.
There are reports from Charleston in circulation
tout the military authorities there have completed
their prep dtionB for an attack upon Fort Sumter,
end only await the order to open the batteries. It
I* also reported that Gov. Tickens has directed
Col. Hayne to demand of the President the uncon
ditional surrender of the fort, and in cab? of non
compliance that the attack will be ordered. Col.
Hayne had not presented any communication to
the President up to eight o'clock last evening. He
LaB however, it is stated, received Us instruc
tions, and will no doubt attempt to open negotia
tion# with the President without delay.
Lieutenant Jewett, of the navy, has arrived in
Washington from Tensacola. He states that he
was arrested by the authorities of Florida, who
held him in custody until he gave his parole of
honor that he would never take up armB against
the mate of Florida. The facts in the case have
been communicated to the Navy Department. ^
In the Senate yesterday Mr. Ten Eyck, of New
Jersey, presented the joint resolutions of the
Legislature of his State in favor of the Crittenden
adjustment, advising a Convention of the States,
and appointing Commissioners to meet the other
States, and instructing the Senators and repre
sentatives of New Jersey to act in accordance
with the resolutions. He saal the resolutions
commanded his respect, but were not to control
bis action. He would not be shackled in any way.
A resolution for the appointment of a committee
to Join with the committee of the House to pro
vide for the counting of the votes for President
ruid Vice President w as laid over. The Indian Ap
propriation bill was taken up, several^mendmcnts
were offered, and the subject was postponed till
to-day The Diplomatic aud the Executive and
Judicial Appropriation bills were passed. The
Tariff bill was reported by the Select Committee,
and was made the special order for Wednesday.
The President's Menage was taken up, and Mr.
Latham made a speech on the peril* of the na
tion. After a short executive session the Benate
adIn\lic House the question a* to whether the
representative from Kansas i- legally entitled to
hi? seat was discussed, but no action was taken on
the subject. Mr. Sherman, from the Committee
on Ways and Means, introduced a bill which, he
haid was demanded by the condition of the
finances, and might a* well be passed now It
authorizes the President, before the 1st ot Jul}
next, to borrow $2:.,000.000, or so much thereof a*
in his opinion the exigency of the public service
may require, the sum to meet the current demands
and redeem the Treasury notes. A bill to cstabli-li
a police force in the District wa3 reported. Mr.
Kellogg of Illinois, introduced resolutions pro
posing amendments to the constitution. The pro
po-itious are substantially tho-e embodied in the
Crittenden adjustment. The ( hinqui amendment
to the Deficiency bill was discussed in committee,
after which the debate on the report of the Crisis
Committee was resumed, and Mr. Hamiltou, of
Texas* delivered a decidedly antirecession speech.
The Ne?v Vork Democratic state Convention re
assembled at Mbany yc-terday. The resolutions
of the Convention set forth that in the present
alarming < ri-is of the nation some compromise is
nece-saiy to allay the impending storm: they fa
vor the colling of a Convention to amend
the constitution of the I'nited State-;, and
urge, substantially. the Crittenden propositions,
fitrong Cnion and compromise speeches ?crc
made by ?lelegates. The seceding Tammany dele
pates, after holding their separate Contention at
the Debt an. finally, on the in Station of the regu
lar Convention, returned and to: k their seat" with
the other delegate# A report of the proceedings
will be found in anotheT column.
In the S?ate Senate yesterday. Mr. Ma*
nierre introduced a bill pr..v idlng f<?r the repay ?
ment to the n itional government of New York a
hhare of the n.one\? depowited to the credit of the
different States by the act of Congress of June 28,
l&itt. New York'sshure of this deposit was o\er
four million and a half. Three or font bills were
Introduced in reference to iadroad- in this city;
also a bill rela'ive to the public health of the Me
IropoUtau Police district. Further than thU the
henate' proceeding* were not of particular in
terest. Iu the Assembly some commotion was
raused bv the receipt of n message from the Gover
nor, cot . ring me,-age-from the Oovernora of some
Cf the seceded State-, returning therewith the bel
ligerent resolutions recently emanating from the
Albany Roion . TV report "1 the Committee in
rotation to sending Commivioner* to the W aching
ton Conterence of Monday next wu* adopted, 72
to 3f. The names of the (?.?mmi??ioner? we ga\e
yootorday morning .
AwUtant Postmaster Horatio h.ng ha* b en
appointed by the President Postmaster Genual.
.fudge Roosevelt, the present United States
District Attorney for this city, has reigned his
offl <*, the resignation to take effect on the 4th of
March next.
The steamship Arabia arriveJ at this port ia^.1
evening. and the Un ted Kingdom was intei' opted
off Caps It.ii e on Wednesday morning By these
vcaseb* we have European advice* to the 20th
nit., two days later th^u the ac- ouul* pre\ iously
received. The uewa 1* important.
The financial pressure in London hud inereaaed
la intensity. Securities of all descriptions had de
clined, and much anxiety prevailed.
At Liverpool cotton wi? m active demand, with
large sales, while breadstuff* had undergone no
material change.
The Arabia brings nearly one milliou and a
quarter in epecie.
It to reported that a commission from bouth < a
rolina bad reached Paris. and had an interview
with the Minister for Foreign Affairs.
The withdrawal of the Freuch fleet fr .m befoie
Oaeta to announced.
ice in the Central Park was yesterday in a
reryaeft condition, both for curling and skating.
and the drive in a still worse one for sleigMng.
With regard to the first, the mat.k between the
ratodonian and Thistle clubs resulted in a victory
for former, with 62 shots ahead, the total score
being Caledonian 291, Thistle 220. The game
waf played in seven "rinks," making fifty-six
players. A goodly number of spectators were
present. The skating pond was well attended
during the day, but was cleared of visiters at six
P. M. The Valley Forge steam fire engine No.
46 arrived at the pond at about nine o'clock for
the purpose of flooding the ice, but when our re
porter left they had not succeeded in drawing wa
ter, for want of sufficient suction hose. The official
retnnu of visiters yesterday was:?Pedestrians,
47,000; equestrians, 75; wheel vehicles, 1,750*,
sleighs, 45.
The slavers Kate and Weathergage were con
demned yesterday by Judge Betta In the United
States District Court.
A motion was made yesterday in the Snpreme
Court, before Judge Barnard, for an order to ex
amine de bene ease John B. Barey, the horse tamer,
in a suit instituted against him by Denton Offutt,
on the allegation that Barey was about to leave
the State. The Judge reserved his decision.
The cotton market was dull yesterday at 12 "*c. for
middling uplands, with sales reported of 1,300 a 1,600
bales, part in transit. In allusion to oertain cotton loca
tions at the South in yesterday's issue, we spoke or
Louisiana Red river cotton. This is both a sugar and cotton
growing State. The cultivation of sugar at 0c. per lb. is
considered about equal to cotton at 10c. per lb.; but as
the latter now sells at an average of 12c. a 13c., it shows
that cotton, at present rates, is more profitable than
sugar. As the bulk of the sugar crop is produced from
annual replanting, acd not from perennial rut too us, as in
Cuba, it is cany to change a sugar estate into one of cot
ton. The same steam engines will drive cotton
gins, and canes rt served for replanting oan
be sold to those coat Inning the sugar culture. It is equal
ly practicable, when necessary, to change back from cot
ton to sugar. S*>m? planters divide their crops between
the two. A plantation of live hundred acres, supplied
with labor and proper tools and machinery suflicient to
cultivate it, ax high up on tho Mississippi river as Woat
Baton Rouge, 120 miles above New Orleans, is valued at
from $100,000 to $126,000, the land, with improvements,
being estimated at about $100 per acre, or $60,000. The
flour market yesterday was without change of moment
in prices, while sales were made to a fair oxtent. Wheat
and corn were without change of momont in prices, and
business moderate. I'ork was quiet. Sugars were dull,
w lth sales in lots of u30 hhds. For a monthly statement of
stock of sugars, rice, tobacco, &c., wo refer to another
column. CufTco wis unchanged. Freight engagement*
were fair and rates quite 6teady, while immediate and
available room was ?c vce.
Nr. Seward, Mr. Charles F. Adams and
Mr. Senator Mason on the Crlnii-Ii It
Peace or Warl
Mr. Seward, as the appointed oracle for Mr.
Lincoln's administration, Las been again illu
minating the Senate with his confidence in the
Union, and his hopes of our happy release, by
fcome means, in some way, and at some time
hereafter, from our present revolutionary diffi- j
culties. If, in his first Senatorial exposition in
his new character, he abounded in '"glittering
generalities," and in vague, shadowy and dis
tant glimmerings of a compromise, in his
second effort he still more closely adheres to
the diplomatic rule of Talleyrand, that words
are not intended to convey, but to conceal
ideas.
Tlic suggestive text of Mr. So ward on thin
last occasion was the monster petition .from
the city of New York, bearing thirty-eight
thousand signatures in favor of the Crittenden
or border State compromise propositions; but
| beyond some explanations of the length of the
memorial, and of the character of the signers,
and thel? political influence, all that he had to j
pay upon the subject was, substantially, that |
the time has not yet arrived for compromising.
He graciously introduced his petitioners to the
Senate, complimented them for their patriot
ism. and blandly bowed them out again. They
represented the commercial interest, a great
interest, entitled to respect; but the agricHltu
I ral, manufacturing and mining interests were
also entitled to consideration; so that he could
not yet decide to be governed by the wishes of
the commercial interest. In other words, our
rural districts are stronger than the city of
| New York.
In a very carefully guarded and roundabout
way. Mr. Seward next declares that the de
mands of the Southern conservatives for a
Union saving compromise before the inaugura
tion of Mr. Lincoln are inadmissible, because
they are unseasonable. After the expiration of
the ninety clays of this session of Congress, of
which sixty have already passed away. Mr.
Seward thinks "there will be time enough for
the restoration of all that has been lost, and
for the re-establishment of all that is in dan
ger." Horace Greeley comes more directly to
the point when he says thut before the repub
lican party shall stoop to compromises with
traitors, we intend to try the experiment
whether we have a government or not Hut in
due time, snys Mr. Seward, after the inaugura
tion of Mr. Lincoln, by speaking, by voting,
by lending money to the government, and, if
necessary, by fighting, the friends of the Union
will restore it. To be sure, since the admis
sion of Kanbas the question of Southein slave
ry In the Territories has ceased to be a prac
tical question, for from the remaining Territo
ries slavery stands forever excluded by the
luws of nature ; but still the republican party
cannot think of concessions to slavery now as
the price for the permission to them to assume
the reins of the general government.
These are not the words, but such,
we apprehend, is the true meaning, of Mr. Sew
ard's last conciliatory speech. Mr. Senator
Mason, of Virginia, lost not a moment in punc
turing this beautiful bubble. He asks what
does the Senator from New York propose?
Anything In the way of a compromise? No.
Anv thing acquiescing in the proposition* of the
memorial presented ? No. II is votes and his
declarations, over and over again In committee,
have been uniform and consistent against those
propositions. But upon what resolution has he
voted affirmatively? Upon the resolution of
Mr. Senator Clark, that the constitution neels
no amendment, but that the true remedy for the
evils of the day lies In obedience to the consti
tution and in the enforcement of the laws. But
poshed to the ultimatum of war, Mr. Seward
explained that he would only resort to war to
restore the Union, after the failure of a consti
tutional national convention as the last resort
of peace. His course then would be war. and
in war, "to stand by the Union, to stand or
perish with it
Such, then, at this late day of this Important
M?**ion of Congress, all important in the matter
of a Unlon-aaving compromise -such is the
policy of Mr. Seward- maaterly inactivity for
the present, a compromise hereafter, or, failing
in that, the maintenance of the Union by force
of at m*. c m the same day on which this
unsatisfactory speech of Mr. Seward was de
Ivered In the Senate, Mr. Charles Francis
Adam-, son of ex-l'renident John Quincj
Adams the same Churles who ran for Vice
President on the buffalo free soil ticket with
Martin Van Butch In 1K4H- made, all things
considered, a remarkably conservative Union
speech In the House. He does not stand in
credulous of the necessity of present action in
the *?y of a compromise. He i? convinced of
thia necessity, and in ready to support the Mis
aouri line proposition, if limited to our preseut
Territories. He will not go further; but this
Is something. Better than this, however,
should all attempts at conciliation fail tore
claim the seceded States, ho is disposed to let
them go in peace, for he belieres that their
dreams of a successful Southern confederacy
will prove a painful delusion.
Between Mr. Seward and Mr. Adams, as the
organs of the republican party in Congress,
what is the prospect for the Union? Gloomy.
What is the prospect for peace? Very gloomy.
Mr. Adams speaks only for himself. Mr.
Seward speaks for the incoming administra
tion, and by authority. The border State
Union Convention will meet at Washington on
Monday. It will doubtless, In a modified form,
adopt the Crittenden plan of adjustment. It
will be submitted to Congress, and that will be
the last of it. Then the border slave States, if
they do not secede, will make strong their
alliance, offensive and defensive, with the
seceded States, and this will be the condition of
things presented to the new administration on
the 4th of March. What, then, will be the
policy of Mr. Lincoln? Coercion, we have
every reason to believe, unless this Union Con
vention at Washington, in view of this dis;is
trous policy, shall use all its powers in behalf
of a peacoable separation of the Union, to
save us, at least, from a sweeping civil war.
Tlie Next Cnngrni?An Appeal to the
I'cuple Unavoidable.
The leaders of the republican party find
themselves ia a peculiarly perplexing posi
tion. Thoj are opposing with all their might
the meeting of Commissioners to consid
er the Virginia resolutions, and they are de
termined to resist the Uigler proposition
to submit the whole question to the people. In
both of Mr. Seward's speeches he has clearly
indicated that the policy of the new adminis
tration is the strict party policy, aud that tho
republican leaders believe that tho secession
ists will exhaust themselves in time. Mr.
Seward adheres to his former position, that
after one, two or three years bhall have elapsed
the Southern storm will blow over. Then will
be the proper time for a Constitutional Con
vention of all :he States; but if all else fails,
and "this Union by force of arms is to stand or
fall, he will advise his people to stand or
perish with it"?that is. to fight for it to tho
death.
j The republican leaders, Mr. Seward included,
have no confidence in the masses of their par
ty. They fear that if the question of compro
mise should be put direotly to the people of the
North they would vote in the affirmative,
when the republican parly would be broken
into half a dozen cliques, and finally
perish of strangulation at the hanJs of its own
friends. They will therefore take the risk of
losing the border States rather than run the
chance of destroying their party organization.
If the matter could be left to the people, it
would be very soon settled; but the politicians
are bound to keep it in their own hands, on the
principle of rule or ruin. So there is nothing
to be hoped for from tho republicans. They
go in for the inauguration of Lincoln and the
spoils first, and adjustment afterwards, if ad
justment is practicable. It is probable that
nothing practical will result from the efforts
now being made to bring about a settlement
and that all or nearly all the border States will
withdraw from the Union on or about the 4th
of March. When Mr. Lincoln takes office he
will be compelled to call an extra session of
Congress, to assemble at the earliest possible
moment. As w ill be seen by the tables wo have
given elsewhere, fourteen States?namely: Ala
bama, California, Connecticut, Georgia, Ken
tucky, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, New
Hampshire, North Carolina. Mississippi,
Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas and l
Virginia?have still to elect repro
sentatives to tho next Congress. Of course
the seceding States will disregard the Pre
sident's proclamation altogether; but we shall
obtain from New Kngland, California, and, we
trust, from the border States, an expression of
the public sentiment, which may go far towards
bringing about a peaceable settlement of ex
isting difficulties.
The New England States choose in March,
and elsewhere special Congressional elec
tions will be ordered. It is claimed that
there has been a great change in the opinions
of the New England people since the elec
tion of Lincoln, and it is very evident,
from the frantic appeals of Hon. Massa Gre<v
lej, iu the Tribune, that the concessionists are
rapidly gaining strength. No pains should be
spared in building up this conciliatory senti
ment In the republican party. That organiza
tion is clearly responsible for the troubles
which now menace the nation, and the remedy
must come, if it comes at all, from the repub
lican ranks. The question is, whether the fe
deral Union, the prosperity of the United
States, the interests of civilization, progress
and free government, are of less importance
than the preservation of the republican party.
Mr. Seward and his friends seem to think so,
but we disagree with them entirely. Let the
matter go to the people, and we will be willing
to abide by thoir verdicL
Bkvoixtion Not Riot.?Mr. Seward, in the
Course of hi* rpMch upon the Now York tnon
nter petition, rather underrated the depth and
strength of the secession movement. The Sena
tor nwrnmed the ground of the radical repub
lionnH, and treated the secessionists as a mob, to
be hereafter dispersed by the reading of the
Hot act or the firing of a lew volley* of mus
ketry. One would suppose from reading this
speech that the movement in the South is of no
more account than an Alitor place riot. .Such
is not the fact. If the movement in the South
la a riot -and that depends entirely upon the
future?it in the inoft Important one in the his
tory of the world. It in a riot In which eight
millions of people are engaged -free, proud,
courageous people, with arms in their hands.
No reading of riot acts, no appeal to the supre
macy of the federal law, will disperse these Hat
ers. Then, if Sir. Seward intends to fight them,
the question will arise, where are his troops to
come from ? and the still more Important one, if
the rioters are subdued, how can they be kept
in submission except by the raising and main
taining of a Urge standing army, a measure
alike repugnant to the people of all sections T
It is the error of the republican leader*, and a
very grave one, that they entirely misunder
stand the motives and acts of the leading seces
sionist*, and unless the eyes of all parties are
opened to the truth, adjustment, without a long
and exhausting civil war, will be altogether
impossible.
Tfc? HIm tod Profr?M ?T Abolitionism.
The aati-elavery propa^andism which com
menced simultaneously in England and in the
Coogress of the United States some forty years
ago, and was organized here by societies and
newspapers ten yean later, has ever since been
a fertile source of local disturbance and riots,
of family feuds and national discord, of the most
disgraceful scenes in the halls of Congress, to
say nothing of the public time being wasted for
weeks and months together, the minds of the
people engrossed by the pernicious agitation,
the proper objects of legislation neglected, and
the general interests of the country injured and
mismanaged. Now that the fanaticism has
reached its culminating point by driving six
States out of the Union, to be followed, perhaps,
by the secession of six tnore, if not the whole
of the slaveholding communities, and It may
be l?y the horrors of civil war, it is instructive
to trace the rise and progress of the
agitation, and mark from what small be
ginnings and by what flow degrees
it has attained its present formidable position,
napping and mining beneath the walls of the
constitution, till a breach has been effected at
last, and the enemy has gained possession of
the citadel, which he threatens soon to make a
heap of ruins.
In another part of this day's paper the reader
will find an interesting historical sketch of this
political movement, which had its inception in
the Puritanism of Massachusetts, and spread
thence to the Northern Stales through the in
strumentality ot the Boston Liberator, of the
New York Journal of Commerce, established by
the Tappana as the original anti-slavery organ
in this State, and of various other kindred jour
nals and publications, down to "Uncle Tom's
Cabin'' and the Republican Gospel according to
Helper. It found active and efficient emissa
ries in women of morbid imagination and ques
tionable morals. But its most powerful auxili
ary was the free soil element in the democratic
party of (his State, led by Martin Van Buren
With these allies and agencies it marched on
ward, "conquering and to conquer," till, from
the demoralization and decomposition of the
corrupt party lately in power, it gained the as
cendancy for the first time in the Presidential
election of last fall, and, unless a bloody con
flict prevents, will make its triumphal entry
into the federal capital on the 4th of March.
Under various forms and names its character
and spirit have been erer the Bame. Whether
it was the anti-fclavery society, the abolition
party pure and simple, the liberty party, the
free soil pai ty with its Wilmot Proviso and
Puffnlo platform, or, last of all, the re
publican party, with its " irrepressible
conflict'' and its Chicago resolutions,
its essential featuro was still undying hostility to
negro slavery, and the confident expectation of
its "ultimate extinction." And such are the
words of the President elect, and such the hope
of the party on whose shoulders he ia borne
into power. To accomplish it the republican
leaders avow their willingness to wndc through
rivers of l|iood. And Mr. Seward himself, in
his lust speech, look* forward to civil war as
the final resort of the party rather than aban
don their platform. But by a strange abuse of
language and confusion of ideas, they claim to
be Union men and in favor of the constitution,
while the reckless, honest and bold represen
tatives of the party, such as Garrison and Phil
lips?the men who originated it and know what
it means?pronounce the constitution "an
agreement with death and a covenant with
bell."
The republican journals and orators, in
cluding Mr. Adams, whose speech we published
yesterday, pretend that exclusion of slavery
from the Territories was the policy of the
fathers of the republic, and thai it is for this,
therefore, they are contending, even to civil
war. Let us go back to the time of the
fathers and see. In 1798, when the Mississippi
Territory was formed, the organizing act did
not prohibit slavery in the Territories. Mr.
Thatcher, of Massachusetts, proposed to insert
a restriction against it. Mr. Rutledge, of South
Carolina, hoped such an absurd motion as this
would be withdrawn. Mr. Otis, of Massachu
setts, hoped it would not be withdrawn, that
the world might see by the votes of Northern
men how little disposed they felt to interfere
with the Southern States in their rights of pro
perty. The question was taken, and only
twelve penons voted for the proposition of
Mr. Thatcher. Now, the men of '87 were the
men of *5>8; and it is plain, therefore, that ex
clusion of slavery from the Territories was not
the policy of the founders of the government.
Are the leaders of the republican party wiser
than they? In '98 the freesoilers and abolition
ists could only muster twelve men in the House
of Representatives.
The anti-slavery cru*ad.'s, both in England
and here, have hitherto produced results tho
very opposite of tho.^O which have been anti
cipated by the ugitutors. The treaties against
the slave trnde have resulted In death to thou
sands of Africans, and horrible cruelty to all
the living cargoes of the slavers, which would
not be the case had there been no treaties and
no laws to prevent the traffic. Ia spite of
the treaties and laws, the slare trade is still
vigorously carried on by our Northern ships.
And as far as it hai been prevented, what is
really effected? Merely to keep slaves in the
worst kind of slavpry in Africa, and to leave
th< m savage cannibals and idolators, instead
of civilizing and Christianizing th< in by the
mild servitude of Christian masters in America.
And what has been the result of Northern agita
tion against domestic slavery at the South? It has
only tended to strengthen the slave institution
at the South in proportion as it has excited
against it the public mind of the North. It is
certain that the Cavaliers of Virginia and Ken
tucky would have long since abolished slavery
but for the interference of the Northern Round
beads. Thirty years ago the institution was
retained in thoM? States by only a majority of
one or two vote.*. How very different is the
case to-day. Two other causes have wrought
a revolution in the public opinion of the bor
der ?Uve States on the subject of slavery?first
the discovery of the cotton gin by Yankee in
genulty, which has rendered Ibis Southern plant
an immense source of national wealth, and only
negro bondsmen are adupted to its cultivation;
secondly, the researches of modern scholars in
the natural history of man, which have shown
conclusively that the negro never had a civili
zation, and that he Is utterly incapable of im
provement, except in the condition of a bond
*errant to a Christian master: a relation which,
fortunately, the stimulated production of cot
ton renders profitable to both parties, to the
country and to the world at large.
And now what ia the conclusion of the whole
matter? Either peaceful separation cf the
Hlavebolding from the iion-slaveholding States
of the American confederacy, and the perma
nency of slavery; or civil war and loroible
separation, resulting equally in the permanen
cy of tbe institution, or the rendition of all their
rights to the Southern States, including the
protection and perpetuation of slavery, in
volving the complete destruction of the anti
slavery party: these are the net proceeds of
the fanatical crusades of the last forty years.
Present and Fatnrc Completion of Par
ties at the Koalh and at the North.
The revolution has broken up all the old
parties, and the new ones are in a state of
transition, divided anjl subdivided, but tending
by the progress of secession to merge ut last
into one consolidated party at the South and
into two parties at the North. The population
at the South is divided at present into four
parties.
1. There is a party in favor of absolute
secession and a separate confederacy, at all
hazards and under all circumstances, no mat
ter what concessions the North may make.
Now, this party in favor of secession per se was
but a small fraction of the whole people?far
smaller than the abolitionists, pure and simple,
at the North. The leaders of the republican party
played so effectually into their hands that they
have now a vast majority of the people of
their Statt-s acting with them, but who would
have left them in point of numbers a cor
poral's guard, if justice had been speedily ren
dered to the South, and the compact of the con
stitution fully carried out in the letter and
spirit of that solemn league and covenant.
Nine-tenths of the Southern people were in favor
of the Union, if they could only obtain the equal
rights gyaranteed to them by the constitution,
and they may be subdivided under the three
following heads:?
2. There is a party in favor of secession
hereatter and final separation if no guaran
tees are granted, and this party is vory influen
tial, comprising the planters and the wealth of
the South. As a general rule it is safe to cal
culate that all who have anything to lose
are against revolution; but if they find
they will lose their all unless there is revolu
tion, then they are forced to become revolu
tionists. This party comprises a majority of
the Legislature in Virginia and the other
border States, who are now working hard for
reconciliation and reconstruction.
3. There is a party in favor of temporary se
cession, with a view to a reconstruction of the
government, which thoy hope to accomplish by
taking a bold and decided stand, and thus
gaining such support at the North as will com
pel the fanatics to yield, or result in the slough
ing off of the New England States and such
Northwestern States as adhere to their views.
They believe that the Southern States in con
vention, can agree to an ultimatum which
will be accepted by a majority of the Northern
States, if not finally by the whole, and thus the
necessity of civil war may be averted, or even
of a separation of the States by Mason and
Dixon's lino?an arrangement which, however
peaceable now, would not be free from tho
danger of civil war hereafter.
4. There is a party in favor, not of secession
now or hereafter, but of fighting in the Union?
putting down the republican party by physical
force?preventing the inauguration of Lincoln,
and depending on such assistance in the North
ern States ns will enable them to triumph in a
bloody revolution. This party, to which Mr.
Wise belongs, sympathize strongly with the
absolute secessionists of the Yancey school.
Such are the divisions by which the Southern
people may be classified just now; but the time
is at band when, if ample concessions arc not
granted, the South will be banded together as
a unit, for weal or woe, in a separate confede
racy, and there will then be but one party from
Maryland to Texas, and from South Carolina
to Missouri. Lot us now see what are the di
visions of party at the North, and what they
will be in the contingency of a Southern con
federacy of fifteen States
1. There is a party in favor of no compro
mise and rigid coercion, even to civil wqr
Many of the clergy belong to this party, and
we hope if there ever should be civil war they
will be placed in the front of every battle.
Happily that party is extremely small, and is
daily growing less and less. It comprise# some
red hot abolitionist* and many of tho republi
can leaders; but in point of numbers it stands
hardly equal t<> the party of the extremists nt
the South.
2. There is a party in favor of no compromise
and no coercion. This party con-i-ts mostly of
visionary theorist* and Quakers. Its policy is
wholly impracticable, and ignqros the signs of
the times.
3. There is a large party in favor of the
Crittenden programme, without addition?a
measure which alone would not be sufficient,
though it would go far to stay the progress of
Southern revolution.
4. There is a considerable party in favor of
giving the South all it-* rights except those in
the common territory, which, however, is the
most vital point with Ihc South, and which it
will not yield.
5. There is a very large party at the North
who are in favor of givfng the South full jus
tice, and of holding out the olive branch in
stead of the sword. We would venture to Af
firm, if the leaders of the republican party in
Congress will permit a vote to be taken on the
question by the people of the Northern States
at least three out of every five would turn out
to belong to this conservative party. And
hence it is that these leaders will not
give the people a chance to declare
for peace and Union, lest the vote should
utterly annihilate the Chicago platform and
the republican party.
But if the slavery question is finally settled,
there is an end to the party which was organized
to overthrow it, and it* members will enter into
new combinations on othor lames. The active
anti slavery element would then be reduced to
a handful of Garrisonian abolitionists, who, in
order to carry on their agitation, must make
direct war upon the constitution. What the
result of their crusade would be it aeeds no
prophet to foretell. The conntry is so heartily
sick of the question, and has seen so much of
its danger, that neither in this generation nor
the next could it be possible for any human
effort to raise it from the dead. Dut if It is
not settled very soon it will continue the all
absorbing question of the country and of (he
time, involving civil war itself, and the divi
sions of Northern men which we enumerated
will merge into two grand parties?those in
favor of coeroing the South and those opposed
to coercion; and in the progress of events this
may lead to cWl the North and flush
a stale of anarchy and confiki0n ad was uever
witnessed in the New World.
TIM) Nller of u,uu aad Um
Political ?*rop?.
By the latest news from Europ. we learn
that the French corps of occupatioi in Syria
will be increased by a portion of tfc troops
returning from China. In defiance < the
efforts of Great Britain, it is, therefore, l^Uf
probable that the French forces will ren*u
until after March?the stipulated time for tbir
withdrawal. There is something significant ix
the circumstance of Russia, through the official
Gazette, approving not only the augmentation
of the French military strength there, but the
continued occupation of the country, in order,
as it is stated, to prevent the adoption of freeh
measures. We know that Louis Napoleon de
sires an alliance with Russia and an entente
with that empire as regards the queetion,
d'Orient, and it is quite within the bounds of
probability that he may find the Caar a willing
sharer in his views. They are both anxiously
watching the "sick man," in the hope of ad
b blistering to the effects after his dissolution?
and that cannot be far off.
The persistence of the Emperor in retaining
the hold he has acquired in Syria has already
aroused the ire of the British journalists, and a
crusade has accordingly commenced against
him. There is every probability of the ques
tion becoming a serious subject of discord be
tween the governments of France and Eng
land; and the circumstance of the latter pur
suing a course diametrically opposite to that
ot the other in Italian affairs will tend very
much to increase the ill feeling; so that, despite
all that Louis Napoleon has done to secure the
friendship of Great Britain and the benefits of
treaties of commerce and increased facilities
of intercourse which have resulted to her from
his liberal policy, the two nations may yet bo
arrayed against each other in open hostility.
We speak of this only as a possible contingen
cy. It may be that Louis Napoleon would look
well before he undertook a leap In
that direction. The attempt would be
almost too hazardous for tho prise. The
ostensible object of the French expedition
was accomplished by the punishment of tha
Prunes and the fright of the Turks; and this
done, its permanent occupation of Syria would
only be a source of weakness sustained at a
ruinous expense. Why, thon, cannot Napoleon
III. content himself with having established a
precedent for interference in Turkish affairs,
and having flattered French vanity by a dis
play of power? The probable result of much
delay in the withdrawal would be a demand on
the Forte for remuneration, as France is not
likely to continue a large outlay without a
prospect of some return; and this demand would
likely be quickly followed by a seizure of the
local revenues. A more permanent arrange
ment might be found in a transfer of the rights
of the French capitalists who have made ad
vances on Turkish sources of income, a direct
result of which would be that French collec
tors of customs would be established at Smyrna
and Beyrout. It would not be difficult after
this for France to assume the entire sovereignty
of Syria, while Russia, profiting by the exam
ple, would be working out a similar scheme in
European Turkey.
With respect to the Italian policy of Napo
leon. we learn by the Bohemian that a semi
official artlclo was expected, declaring that
should Piedmont make war on Austria she
must expect no aid from France. This only
sustains us in our knowledge that the Emperor
je opposed to the unification of It*\ly, because
he rightly fears the monarchy would be too
powerful to suit the interests and ambition of
France. He wishes to preserve the balance of
power, of which the great Towers are so tena
cious. It would be contrary to the idee Kapo
licnne for Victor Emanuel to realize what ho
has pledged himself to. Napoleon would pro
pose that be Bhould be King only of Piedmont,
Lonibardy, Venetia, Tarma and Modena, and
retire from Naples in order to make way for
the restoration of Francis II. and the Grand
pukd 01 Tuscany, whilv the Pope, holding thj
patrimony of St. I'eter, should govern ihe le
gations, the Marches asd Uinbria by a Grand
Vicar.
But it will be more than Louis Napoleon is
capable of to control the aspirations of enlight
ened Italians working together in the cause of
their common liberty. There fa more enthusiasm
about tliem than even the French. They are
capable of fighting with more prolonged and
self-sustained ardor; and although Venetia
may not be rescuod from the tyrant grasp of
Austria a* soon as the partisans of Garibaldi
were disposed to announce, the new Italian
monarchy will remain and flourish. The
Italians are full of genius?the great cultiva
tors of the arte, science and literature. They
are capable of achieving great things in the
future, as they have already done in the past,
when they were the glory of ancient history.
The First Napoleon was by parentage an Ital
ian, and he only became French by the revolu
tion; so that it was by an Italian genius that
France rose to her present pitch of power.
The greatest safeguard of Austria lies in the
Italian |>olicy of the French Emperor; and it i?
therefore probable that there will bo no attaok
upon the Quadrilateral in the ensuing spring.
But the financial affairs of Austria are in suoh
a desperate condition that the empire threatens
its own destruction without the aid of a foreign
enemy.
Thk FRr.sinr.NT Ei-kct and the Auwrxrn.?
In anticipation of Mr. Lincoln's, coming inau
guration visit to Washington, several of the re
publican Legislatures of thoee capitals through
which he is expected to pas,-> have decided to
receive him publicly, extend the hospitalities
of the city to him, and so forth. This is all very
right and natural. The New York Board of
Aldermen also had the question before them at
their last meeting of giving Mr. Lincoln a pub
lic reception; but they decided not to do so,
through some fear that such a course might
havo a political complexion, and might look
like an endorsement of the Chicago platform,
which this city, and indood the whole country,
repudiated by so large a vote on the 6th of
November.
The Board of Aldermen, we think, however,
without exactly Japanesing the President elect,
might tender him such a recognition as would
effect two objects, namely: paying respect te
his office and at the same time enabling him to
see and nnderstand the state of feeling in thia
great commercial metropolis of the country,
which represents in so largo a degree the ma
terial and intellectual interests of the whola
nation, a city whose power and importance hi*
future premier, Mr. Seward, so judiciously al
luded to in his late speech. Really, the Aldar