After a severe contest, which lasted for three
days, the troops of General Burnside's expedition
hare taken possession of Boanoke Island. The
victor/ was completed on Sunday evening, and
.,/ oar troops were landed in large force. The Stars
and Stripes were immediately hoisted over the
rebel batteries. At noon on that day the rebel
Commodore Lynch, came down Currituck Sound
with his little fleet to relieve General
Wise; but our flotilla opened a brisk fire upon
them, and before Ave o'clock in the afternoon
three of the rebel gunboats were Bunk, including
the flag boat, two were captured and the rest were
dispersed in every direction. The utmost consternation
is said to prevail in Norfolk and Portsmouth
in consequence of this disaster to the rebel cause.
Our success at Fort Henry, on the Tennessee
river, increases in importance as the detailed
news of that brillaint affair reaches us from day
to day. The account which we give of it from our
speoial correspondent to-day is most graphic,
and will be read with great interest. Not only
have our troops f ot possession of the strongest
point on the Tennessee river, but they have
pushed further into the territory of the rebels,
carrying victory with them, and working out in the
most satisfactory manner the grand plan devised
by the Commander-in-Chief to circumvent all
the rebel strongholds in that direction. It appears,
by a despatch received yesterday at St. Louis from
Cairo, that Capt. Phelps, of Commodore Foote's
squadron, in command of the gunboat Conestoga,
has returned from an expedition np the river,
having penetrated as far as Florence, in Alabama,
after capturing a new rebel gunboat and destroying
all the other gunboats between Fort Henry
and the town of Florence. Thus it will be seen
that we hold in absolute possession a vital
strategic point, which emperils the most
reliable positions of the rebels, and will
enable oar armies, by a few more succeasfal com*
binations, to render both Colombos and Bowling
Green comparatively worthless to them, by catting
IT their connections with the South, and so save
the necessity of reducing them at a great sacrifice
Oftffe.
Two persons who arrived at Louisville yesterday
report that the rebels are evacuating
Bowling Green, and are falling back on Nashville.
If this statement be true it proves that the movements
of our troops in the rear have convinced the
rebel leaders that Bowling Green is no longer the
atrong strategic point it was a few weeks ago, and
that it most be abandoned before it is entirely cut
off from communication with the South.
A detachment of onr cavalry, 250 strong,
had an engagement with a body of rebels on Sunday,
seven miles east of Fort Henry, in which five
of the rebels wera killed and thirty taken
prisoners. A portion of the railroad bridge on
tho Louisville, Clarksville and Memphis Railroad
was destroyed by our troops on Saturday night,
the rebel*, who were encamped there to protect
It, baring previously evacuated the place.
The fate of Fort Donelaon, on the Cnmberland
rive* la likely to be speedily decided after the
manner of Fort Henry. A special despatch received
at Ciacinnatt from Cairo yesterday states that Gen.
Grant had snrronndod the fort with seven batteries
of artillery, and that he would commence shelling
It to-day. General Pillow is said to bo in command
there with 2,000 men. Other reports state
that the garrison numbers 8,000, which is probably
troa, if, as stated, the infantry force which
fled from Fort Henry has reached Fort Donelson.
The trees for two miles around the fort have
been cot down bj the rebel*, in reidine** for
notion, end it in thought that, a* there are two
eaaall forte and three rampe onteide the main
fortifications, the approaching battle will be far
mora desperate than that at Fort Henry.
The Secretary of War has israed a proposal for
a contract to establish a regular dally line of
awift steamers between Fortress Monroe, Hatteras,
Port Royal and Roanoke Island. He intimates
that none bot parties who have Immediate
means of potting resells on this line need insko
proposals.
The artlral of our newspaper despatches by
-c
I
L
NKVI
the Jura last night enables us to submit to our
readers a complete translation of Napoleon's
speech to the French Legislature at the opening of
the session of the Chambers. The paragraph relating
to the war in America differs little from
the report, telegraphed from Portland, which
was given in the Hkkalu yesterday. The London
Tiines affects to see considerable enmity to the
Union and animosity towards our plan of blockade
In the words of the Emperor; but if Imperial words
arc to be taken in a literal sense, wc can read
them only as expressing his anxiety for the termimination
of the struggle at an early day, and a
due respect for neutral rights, when clearly dofiaod.
The Imperial "Blue Book" submitted to
the members is even more explicit on both these
points.
Earl Russell's reply to Br. Seward, on the strict
ly legal points of international law as applied to
contrabands of war and neutral ships, contained in
his Mason-Slidell surrender, circular, is given in
e rtenao.
Some few additional particulars of the arrival of
Mason and Slidell in Southampton and London are
also published.
C0NGBE88.
In the Senate yesterday, the chairman of the
Finance Committee announced that he should call
up the Treasury Note bill to-day, and press it to a
speedy passage. By reference to our despatches
from Washington, it will be seen that the committee
have made some important amendments to
the bill. A resolution of tho New York Chamber
of Commerce, in favor of the immediate passage
of the Treasury Note bill, and pledging the support
of the merchants of New York to the government,
was presented; also a petition from the
Chamber on the subject of postal reform. A large
number of petitions in favor of employing homeopathic
practitioners in the army was presented.
A joint resolution explaining the act indemnifying
States for war expenditures to menu expenses
incurred before and after the passage of said act
was adopted. A joint resolution was adopted
that the two houses of Congress assemble in the
House of Representatives on Washington's birthday,
the 22d of February, and that the President,
the members of the Cabinet, the foreign representatives,
the officers of the army and navy, and
others, be invited to attend, and that Washington's
Farewell Address be read. A bill authorising the
banks of the District of Columbia to issue notes of
less than five dollars was referred. Mr. Sumner
offered a series of resolutions declaring
that the revolted States have committed
felo de ?t, and that their relations as
members of the United States no longer exist;
that their allegiance bos been severed, and
the federal government owes no obligation to anypretended
State government usurping certain territory;
that individuals occupying such territory
owe allegiance to the general government only,
and the general government to the Individuals;
therefore persona heretofore held as slaves may
look henceforth to the general government for protects
as individuals. A motion to lay them on the
table was carried by a vote or 21 to 15. The bill
making appropriations for completing aeacoast
and lake fortifications was then taken up and discussed
till, upon coming to a vote upon a motion,
it was discovered that there was no quorum present,
whereupon the Senate adjourned.
In the House of Representatives, the Senate's
amendments to the bill appropriating ten millions
of dollars for the construction of twenty iron-clad
steam gunboats were concurred in; so the bill only
requires the President's approval to become a law>
Mr. F. A. Conkling offered a preamble and rcsolu,
tion setting forth that the army countersign was
known to the rebels on the Potomac on the day the
steamer Pensacola passed down the river, before
it was communicated to the Union forces; that information
of Union military and naval movements
is frequently communicated in advance to the
enemy, under circumstances justifying a suspicion
of treachery on the part of persons in the service
of the government; and that the Joint Committee
on the Conduct of the War investigate these
charges, and report thereon. The resolution was
adopted. A bill establishing a Department of
Agriculture was introduced. The case of Mr.
Segar, who claimed a seat as representative from
the First district of Virginia, was resumed, and
upon coming to a vote the House, by a vote of
eighty-five to forty, adopted the report of the Committee
on Elections, declaring Mr. Segar not en
titled to a scat.
MISCELLANEOUS NEWS.
In the State Senate yesterday the Erie Railroad
bill wag under consideration in Committee of the
Whole. Favorable reports were made on the
bills to amend the Excise laws of 1837; to define
the duties and powers of boards of supervisor*: to
amend the Long Island Railroad Company's char,
ter, and to provide for payment of certain protested
canal drafts. In the Assembly private bills
were considered, but no account of any proceedings
of general interest had reached us. The
Railroad Committee of the Assembly held a meeting
last evening on the subject of the proposed Broadway
Railroad. Before adjourning they agreed to
hold a meeting for the hearing of arguments pro
and contra next Tuesday afternoon at three
o'clock.
The following were the houses that were destroyed
by fire at Harper's Ferry on the "th inst.,
by order of Colonel Geary:?The Wager, Gait and
Railroad hotels, the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
depot, Winchester Railroad depot, Welch's store,
the telegraph office, and the dwelling houses of
Mrs. Wager, Mrs. Darin, Mrs. Ellen Chambers,
George Chambers and Wm. J. Stevens. None of
them had been occupied for some time except by
rebel soldiers.
Dr. D. C. Peters, who has been in charge of the
prisoners at Fort Warren, has been ordered to report
at Fort Pickens.
The Legislature of Kentucky will meet again today
in Frankfort.
The Democratic State Convention of Connecticut
will meet to-dny at Middlctown. The oall
prayerfully appeals to the people to come forward
and sustain the President in putting down the rebellion
and restoring the Union, and at the same
time to give the democratic party a helping band.
It is reported that correspondence with the
rebels had been found among Gen. Stone's papersThe
ice in the Central Park yesterday was in a
moderately good condition during the day, although
rather inclined to softness. A very largo concourse
of people visited the Park before supper
time; but, as it began to snow after dusk, the
evening skaters were comparatively few. At Lincoln
Park there was a moderate number of skaters
assembled, and the clnb ponds at Brooklyn and
Williamsburg were fairly attended, both by ladies
and gentlemen.
A carnival is to be held on the ice in Portland
this afternoon, if the weather ahonld continue
pleasant. The journals of that city support the
project, with great hopoa of its success. A carnival
was recently held in Toronto, and another was
in contemplation in Montreal. Skating carnivals
appear to be quite the rage this season.
The Board of Aldermen will meet on Thur?day
evening, by a special call, to receive the report of
the Committee on the Mayor's Message. It is
likely that there will be a lively time.
A man in Hartford has a pipe leading from a
spring above passing through his icehon*e. This
I is pierced by numcrouf small holes, uud whoa the
f YORK HERALD, WEDJN
weather in eery cold the house is thrown open and
the water turned on. The fine spray and jets
freeze as they fall, and in a few days, or weeks at
farthest, the house is tilled with one solid lump of
ire, with no labor of cutting and hauling.
The trial of Frederick Leovcr, for the homicide
of Thomas Ryan ut a dance house in Water street,
was continued yesterday in the General Bessions.
The evidence on both sides closed in the afternoon,
when Mr. Brady summed up, and, in his felicitous
style, subjected the evidence for the prosecution to
a rigid analysis. At (he conclusion of his argument
the Court adjourned till this morning, when
Mr. Halt will address the jury for the prosecution.
Uuder tho inlluence of the foreign news, and a bettor
demand from spinnora, the market for cotton yesterday
wus firutor and euro active. The sale* orabraced about
1,200 bales.nearly all of which was takon by spinners,
closing stiff on the basis of 29c a30<- for middling up
lands. The exports ol cotton from tho United states from
the 1st of September, l*tW, to the 12th rabruary, 1461,
were as follows:?
Great Itrilain, bales 1,194,000
Franco 320,000
Other foreign ports 183.000
Total 1,697 000
Thore wore no expoita fron the lslSoptomber.lS'll,
te February 12,1862. Tho receipts at tho ports from the
1st September, I860, to February 12, 18SI, war# aa roiIowa:?
Receipts, btloa 2.492,000
Kxported to Kurope 1,007,000
Taken by Northern apinuers 128,000
Stock on hand CM.000
2,483,000
The Mobile Advertiser (ires the foUowiug comparative
statement of the receipts of cotton frona the let September
to the31et December, 1800 and 1861 ?
Receiptt. 1880 1841.
New Orleans, bales 001,076 1,780
Mobile 324,370 22
Savannah 33.380 130
Charleston 151,848 4,604
Memphis 70,310 2,328
Total 1,483,003 ?,863
The foreign news depressed the market for flour,
which fell off from 5c. a 10c. per bbl., while sale-, were
moderate. Wheat was inactive and price* somewhat
irregular. Corn was unchanged, while sales wore moderate.
There wee somo more inquiry for pork for future
delivery: sales of lots cn tho spot were made at $12 87>?
a $13 for new mess, and for May and Juno delivery, do.,
at $13 25: new prime was at $0 50. Sugars were some,
what less buoyant, but without quotable change in pricesThe
sales embraced 800 hhds., nearly all Cubas. Cofl'oe
was quiet and nominal, but stoady. The stock of Rio
embraced 91,068 hage, while the stock of all kinds embraced
130,672 mats And bags. Freights were more
active, while rates wore without change of momont.
The Rebellion Downward?Solemn Advice
to the South,
The occupation of Roanoke Island by the
forces of the Burnside expedition, in giving us
the absolute control of the waters of Pamlico
and Albemarle Sounds, opens our way into the
heart of North Carolina, and to the back door
of Norfolk and Richmond. The rebel cause in
the old North State?repulsive in the outset, and
distasteful to her people ever since?will be
very apt now to be trampled in the dust by
them as General Bumside advances to their
protection. This will surely be the course of
wisdom, as the happy results of the good example
of the people of the Eastern shore of Virginia
abundantly show. But what other course
can now be pursued by the citizens of North
Carolina, consistent with their own safety and
the preservation of tneir domestic institutions;
This question is now brought home to thorn,
and to tbe people of every other State committed
to this rebellion.
It is virtually confessed by tbe leaders of this
revolt that it is now invested by a*circle of fir?
from which it cannot escape; that on all sides
it is hemmed in by superior numbers and instruments
of war; that our blockade and com*
plete command of tbe sea have very nearly
starved out King Cotton; and that nothing now
can save Jeff. Davis and bis Southern confederacy
except the most horrible extremities of
incendiarism by the Southern people against
themselves. Thus the women and children are
exhorted in Georgia, by Cobb and Toombs
from Richmond, to set (ire to their cities and
towns, their homes and their substance, and to
leave to our advancing forces "a desert lor their
occupation more terrible than Sahara."
Such are the inhuman instructions of some of
the principal contrivers, leaders and managers
of this insane rebellion. Those fellows, entering
into this desperate enterprise with visions of
the great offices, honors, spoils and plunder of
a new confederacy of their own making, are
now chiefly solicitous for the safety of their own
worthless necks; and to save them from the
hangman they are ready for any extremity of
ruffianism. But the ferocious counsels of these
utterly brutalized and reckless traitors have
been pushed too far. Every instinct of
self-preservation on the part of the
women and children, and of the Christian
men of the South, will revolt at
such infamous instructions oa those of Toombs
and Cobb, and at this infamous rebellion which
has instigated them. Reflecting Southern men
will also begin to compare the blessings of the
Union, of which they have been defrauded by
this rebellion, with the sweeping extortions and
privations of their present intolerable despotism,
and in this view wc count upon a grand
reaction all over the South with the first defeat
of the rebel army, on a grand scale, in Virginia
or Kentucky.
Within the limit of sixty days we expect to
announce tbe complete evacuation of Virginia.
Kentucky and Tennessee, and perhaps North
Carolina, by the rebel armed forces. We hare
the men and the means organized and in readi
ne?s Tor the work, and ibcss brilliant preliminary
affairs of Mill Springs. Fort Ilenrv and
Roanoke Island show how tha tide is drifting
in the West and in the Last. European interrenlion
may be talked of, it may be discussed
between Louis Napoleon and Lord 1'almerston;
but before they can come to any agreement
against us this collapsing Southern confederacy
of Davis, Cobb. Toombs and Company will be
knocked into pieces. We have ceased to entertain
any troublesome thoughts of European intervention
under this conviction.
What, then, ia the course of wisdom, safety
and self-preservation suggested to the people
of the South, in view of the hopeless situation
of their crumbling Southern confederacy'.' Their
true course is to put it and themselves out of
their misery at one* by a popular movement
for the Union. Two or three bravo and resolute
men. in leading the way, may thus speedily
revolutionize n whole county. Now is the
time: for the longer they resist the cause of
the Union the greater becomes the danger to
our revolted States of a war for the extirpation
of slavery, or of its abolition, as the price of
European interference. Now, with the return
to the Union of our rebellious Stales, they
would return to its securities and guarantees in
behalf of the institution of Southern slavery
against domestic enemies and foreign combinations.
The rebellion has failed. Its days are numbered.
There is not the ghost of a chance for
it, except through the aasUtanca of England
and France, or one or the other of those Powers;
and even with the assistance of either or both
IESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, J
the first effect would moet probably be a
Northern crusade against Southern slavery, as
the last desperate card of aelf-preservation.
Union or disunion, the end of thia foreign interposition
would be the end of slavery. We repeat,
however, that before England and Franco
can agree to interpose, they will have not even
a pretext loft them to undertake the settlement
of our domestic affairs. They will, we truly
believe, be substantially settled by our overwhelming
fleots and armies within sixty daj'3.
With these practical views of the Biibject wo
would earnestly in > th? neople of our 10volled
Southern i- oliborutely to weigh
the certain advaut. and positive securities
of the old Union against the sinking fortunes
of JetT. Davis. The people of the cotton States,
by casting Davis and his spurious government
aside, will at onec be relieved of all their
existing privations and sufferings, and doubts
and distresses, by the reopening of their ports
to the markets of the world. Their oottou will
be instantly converted into clothing and shoes,
and salt and tea, and coffee and numerous
other nocossaries, which now command famine
prices from Richmond to New Orleans. And
then the doubtful quostlon as to the planting
of another cotton crop will be settled in favor
of the crop; and, above all, there will bo an end
of the overshadowing question of danger?what
is to become of Southern slavery ??for, under
the old Union, it will be left to time and to
each of the States interested to dispose of this
important question. In prosecuting this rebellion
the defrauded and deluded people of the
South havo wasted hundreds of millions of
dollars; but they may save hundreds of millions,
besides their two thousand millions invested in
negroes, by abandoning this hopeless contest
without further loss of time.
The Emperor Napoleon on the Civil War.
We published yesterday by telegraph from
Portland an extract from the speech of the
Emperor Napoleon at the opening of the French
Chambers on the 27th of January, and to-day
we publish the speech in extenso, from which
our readers, who have looked forward with
some anxiety to the developement of tho Emperor's
policy, will perceive that it is a rather
vague manifesto, but at the same time not with,
out a significant warning bohind the cloud
which half conceals and half reveals his purposes.
He says :?" The civil war which desolates
America has greatly compromised our
commercial interests. So long, however, as the
rights of neutrals are respected we must confine
ourselves to expressing wishes for an early
termination of these dissensions."
Some of the English journals construe the
allusion to the United States as a covert threat,
and as intimating the impatience of France,
which, when the occasion appears to demand
it, will interpose in our affairs. One British
journal, indeed, asserts that Napoleon had decided
to announce in his speech his intention to
raise the blockade, calculating on the promised
moral support of England; but that Earl
RikspII deemed it Dolitic to maintain a "mas
terly inactivity'1 for a few weeks; and therefore
the Emperor, acquiescing in the suggestion,
alluded to the American question in his speech
in euch terms as do not commit him, but leave
him free to watch and wait the course of eventsThe
London Times seems to foreshadow
the same policy. It advises the English
nation against too great eagerness to meddle
in American affairs, and says "this is a time
for awaiting; England can afford to wait; and if
there does come any real causo of complaint it
will tell all the more for her present patience
and forbearance." This harmonizes exactly
with the speech of the Emperor, who says:?
"So long as the rights of neutrals are respected
we must confine ourselves to expressing wishes
for an early termination of these dissensions."
The logical inference is that France and England
feel that the blockade of the Southern
coast is effective; that they cannot meddle with
it or interfere in our domestic concerns
without a direct and flagrant violation of the
law of nations, and that their game is
therefore blocked for the present. They are
bound by their own proclamations of neutrality
at the beginning of the war. and they are further
bound since by the case of the Trent.
At the same time it is evident that they are
looking around for some leak or flaw in the
position of the United States which will enable
them to make out a case for intervention, Buch
as will satisfy the public opinion of Europe.
Napoleon announces that the civil war which
desolates America has greatly compromised the
commercial interests of France. Let us see
how this is. It is well known that the French
government depends for its revenue, to a very
great extent, upon the sale of tobacco, of which it
grants a monopoly, for a very large sum, to
certain individuals in France. The agents of
the monopolists came over hero to purchase
the article, and at this moment there are immense
quantities of it, worth many millions of
dollars, in Virginia, for which the money has
been paid. Ths question is, bow is the tobacco
to be got out of Virginia and delivered in
France! The blockade is an effectual barrier
Hence "the interests of commerce are comnro
mised," and at the same time tha interests of
revenue. The deficit in tho French revenue
amounts to ono thousand millions of franca?
two hundred millions of dollars. Spain has the
same arrangements, and has the same interests
at stake, both as to her commerce and her
revenue. English merchants have also interests
involved in tobacco. Take a single instance.
Belmont, the agent of the Rothschilds, has pur.
chased a million's worth of the precious weed
for an English house. It lies in Virginia, awaiting
the raising of the blockade. Nor is tobacco
the only article of commerce bj which
French interests are compromised. Cotton has
been bought to the amount of ten millions of
dollars by the agents of commercial houses
in England and France; and it has been paid for
in arms and munitions of war for the rebel
confederacy, part of which the insurgents
have received, and part they hope
to receive as soon as the blockade is broken
up by the European Towers. How is
this cotton to be released from the prison
In which it is hold? Not a nonnd of it can
reach Franco or England. Why? Becauae the
blockade is effective. Yet the complaint of the
journals representing the British and French
government* has all along been that tho blockade
has not been effective. Thus they contrae
diet themselves. If the blockade was not
effective they would not growl as they do; for
they could still carry on their commerce; but
because It is effective they arc estopped, and
hence their indignation. There can be no better
argument for the effectiveness of the hlockude
^hau that which is made by the French Emperor.
French commercial Interests are "compromised,"
and will continue to be until the end
W2.
of the war. This is one of the misfortune* of
war. It affect* neutral nation* a* well a* belligerent*.
But there 1* no remedy, unless by on
interference with the established rights of belligerent*.
Will France and England, in violation of international
law, attempt such an interference?
If they do, it will be the perpetration of the
greatest international crime recorded in history.
The partition of Poland was" as nothing
compared with it. But we are a different people
from the Poles, and will not submit to such
an ontrago. Let the European conspirators
beware.
We have no doubt that the French Emperor
will agitate the American question in the Chambers,
and that it will be agitated in the British
Parliament, till a public opinion is manufactured,
under the influence of which a crusade
will bo organised against American freedom.
Some of the Southern journals are beginning
to realize the hollow-hearted treacherv of
their English Allies, who fomented and
oncouragod the rebellion. Thoy are now
disgusted, when it is almost too late, with the
course of the leading organ of British opinion,
which places the two great representatives of
the Southern confederacy in Europe on a level
with a pair of negroes. This is a foretaste of
what the Southern confederacy may expect
from British alliance, and an indication of the
price that must be paid for assistance against
their Northern brothers to the European conspirators
against their liberties and institutions.
Without delay tho Southern planters
ought to effect a counter-revolution
at the South, and overthrow Jefferson Davis
and his junto. They arc between two fires.
If they hold out, in all human probability,
before ninety days tbey will be compelled
to accept tho conditions of their Northern conquerors.
If foreign aid should protract the war,
what will bo tho rosult? They will have to accept
a protectorate of European Powers avowedly
hostile to.their institutions, and the doom
of Mexico awaits them. There is only one sure
way of escape from the dilemma, and that is submission
to the laws of the Union, which will pro*
tect them in all their rights guaranteed by the
constitution. Thus the Monroe doctrine will be
maintained, American independence will be
secured, and European intervention will be excluded
from this continent by the majestic
movefhent of a divided nation reuniting for
the common safety. The patriotic course of
Mexico ought to be a lesson to the South. Soon
as the hostile foot of the stranger pressed their
soil the Mexicans forgot their feuds and united
against the common foe. Sagacious British
statesmen toresee mat una wouia proDamy oe
the result of their intervention in the United
States, and their hope is that if the civil war is
left to itself a little longer it may work out a
permanent division of the great republic. Let
the Southern men, therefore, who have a stake
in the country,, disappoint the expectations of
the British anti-elavery ariatocraey who are
gloating over our national dissensions, and hope
by our fall to regain for Old England the place
it has lost in the scale of maritime nations.
Contract Frauds and the Mcrcedlta Cass.
Every day we have some new developement
in regard to the frauds npon the government in
contract jobs, and each of these developements
surpasses in meanness and criminality its wor^t
predecessor. The story of the case of the
steamship Mercedita is the most recent mil the
worst exposure.
It appears from the published correspondence
that in June, 1801, Jamos C. Jewctt A Co., the
owners of the Mercedita. sent a letter to the
Secretary of tho Navy describing their vessel,
and offering to sell or charter her to the government
at a price to be fixed by the Navy Department
itself. The same offer was made by
letter directly to the President of the United
States, and was, of course, referred by him to
the Secretary of the Navy. The Secretary of
the Navy, by letter, declined to purchase the
vessel, as she was unsuitcd for an armed ship.
Now, before this first offer of Messrs. Jewett A
Co., a man named Burrill, representing himself
as a government agent, or as one having influence
with the government, had offered to
sell the Mercedita to the government for her
owners; but the offer had been very
properly refused, as the transaction savored of
corruption and percentage. After the refusal
of the Secretary of tho Navy to purchase or
charter the steamer Burrill renewed bis offer.
He said that he had just returned from Washington,
and could sell this rejected vessel to the
very department which had rejected it. He received
permission to do so. In July Burrill
offered to pay $100,000 government money for
the Mercedita, provided her owners would pay
him $.",000 to bribe government officials, in addition
to his own brokerage. More patriotic
than shrewd, the owners replied that the vesbcI
should rot first After a few hours Burrill
again came and said that he had heard from
Washington, and would pay the $100,000 without
any conditions. This offer was accepted.
A list of alterations required was then presented
by Burrill, and the alterations were
made. The next month another list of altera'
tions, costing $4,000 more, was presented, and
the owners had now no choico but to go ahoad
or lose all their past outlay. In September the
ship was turned over to Burrill as the agent of
the government. A few days after came a requisition
from tho Secretary of tho Navy to pay
Burrill $100,000 for the ship, although his
name was not mentioned in the bill of sale, and
although the real owners of the vessel did not
authorize any such interference. The next step
wan 10 got tms money irom mirnu, nnu
then Mr. George D. Morgan came upon the
scene, and demanded $2,600 for his share in
the business. What share? II# stated that he
had nothing to do with the sale, but that the
owners could never get their money unless he
were paid his "commission'' first. Well, Morgan
was paid, and Messrs. Jewctt & Co. received
their dues; but the ship yet lies at
Williamsburg, not ready for sea, and apparently
never designed to be ready. This is
the plain, simple story of the honest men who
were endeavoring to sell their steamship to the
government at a fair price. Secretary Welles
alludes to it, but does not refute it, in his recent
communication to Congress upon the subject
of naval purchases. As far as it goes it
seems substantiated and uncontradicted. It
needs no comments, and points its own moral
plainly enough.
We would thnt this wero an isolated case;
but, in fact, it is only one of a thousand. The
people are tired of such open, barefaced
frauds already. When will the government be
enough tired of them to compel their perpetrators
first to disgorge their Ill-gotten gains,
and then to endure the punishment due to swindlers
and thioves? I
Jjbv junsibm Oi't ok Skason.?Elsewhere will be
found curious correspondence which has taken
place V'^tffcen Mr. Dayton, our Minister to
France, &ud the State Department at Washington,
on the subject of the presentation of Americans
at the Court of the Tuileries. Our readers
cannot fail' to be struck with the felicity, in
point of time an d importance, with which these
diplomatic Jenldnsis.ms turn up to diversify the
engrossing cares that at present harass the
mind of our community.
It has been the habit< as our readers are
aware, at the French Coitrt, to receive indiscriminately,
at the imperial receptions and balls,
all Americans that could obtidm a presentation
through their Minister. The Urt has at times
comprised upwards of fifty perscme, outnumbering
frequently the subjects of nit the other
governments put togetner?tnose cv * ranee excepted.
In the latitude given in fSie respect
the present Emperor has been more literal towards
us than any of his predecessors- There
would probably have been no attempt onde to
curtail the number even now, but for circumstances
that have compelled his Majesty's at
tention to the subject.
There was a great outcry among certain of
our contemporaries the other day when Mrs.
Lincoln made a praiseworthy effort to reform
the habits introduced by Southern politicians
in the White House, by inviting to her parties
only those who were accustomed to conduct
themselves like gentlemen. The drunkenness, the
rowdyism and the disgusting personal peculiarities
of many that went to the receptions at the
Presidential mansion had become so intolerable
that no lady of refined notions could think of
putting up with thom. The correspondence to
which we refer has had its origin in similar complaints
made against the American guests at the
Tuilcries. On several occasions they conducted
themselves so abominably as to excite a
general feeling of indignation. Imagine the
effect of one of our tipsy ward politicians getting
entangled in the train of a stately duchess,
or dame d'honneur, or of his making tracks with
tobacco juice on the highly polished floor
trodden by so many satin clad feet..
To put an end to scenes so unseemly, M.
Thouvenel, previous to the closing presentation
of last year, called upon Mr. Faulkner to add
to the names on his list the "quality" of the
persons of whom it was composed. This our
Minister declined to do, on the ground that an
American abroad could have no quality except
that of a citizen of the republic. At the last
presentation and court ball a similar request
was made of Mr. Dayton; but he chose to follow
the example of his predecessor. The consequence
was that, with the exception of two of
the persona on the list, who had official designations,
the remainder failed to receive cards.
Now, though in a political controversy both
Mr. Faulkner and Mr. Dayton would have been
justified in the course which they adopted, they
were wrong in this case in refusing to accede to
the very reasonable demand of M. Thouvenel.
This privilege of presentation is a courtesy, and
not a right, extended to our Minister by the
Emperor; and as, socially, he is responsible for
the character of the guests he introduces, it is
but proper that when the privilege is abused
he should comply with such regulations as are
thought necessary to prevent a recurrence of
the misconduct complained of. We can see no
derogation of the rights of our American sove*
reigns in the fact of our Minister handing in to
the Court Chamberlain a statement of their professions,
occupations and social status. These
are more or less essential to enable the officials
entrusted with the control of these matters to
decide whether the parties to be invited occupy
the positions of ladies and gentlemen?a
condition indispensable not merely to admission
to court balls abroad, but to
good society anywhere. In this country
it is not incumbent upon us, because we
are republicans, to keep company with Tom,
Dick or Harry. Were it so, the advantages imparted
by education and cultivated tastes would
be lost in a medley of discordant and ridiculous
pretensions.
If this common sense view of the subject had
been taken by our Minister, the State Department
would have been spared the diversion of
its attention from more important matters to a
triviality which iars linon the mind fit a time
like this. It would be fur wiser for the persons
in whose behalf these reclamations ore mode to
return and fight the battles of their country at
home, than to bring it into contempt abroad by
their misconduct and raispluced vanity.
Tiir Late News from Mexico.?We yesterday
published some interesting news from Vera
Cruz, to the 15th of January. Our telegraphic
despatches from San Francisco had, however,
previously Informed us of a battle between the
Spaniards and Mexicans at the National Bridge,
near Vera Cruz, resulting in the rout of the
Spaniards. The news from Mexico, by way of
Havana, does not say anything of this battleThis
is to be accounted for by the fact that the
telegraphic intelligence is fully eleven dnya
later than the news by steamer. The Spanish
steamer Alava, that brought to Havana the
news we published yesterday, left Vera Craa
on the 15th of January, while the telegraph
from San Francisco transmitted the account of
the battle received from a courier who had arrived
at Aoapulco on or beforo the 2<ith of
January.
The next accounts from Mexico will either
bring us a confirmation of this report or
denial that a battlo has been fought. It Is,
however, very probable that the intelligence of
a fight will be found to bo correot; for on tho
11th of January the allied troopa were encamped,
by permission of the Mexican authorities,
some nine miles from the city of VcraCru*.
The Spanish forces might have advanced further
without permission, and arriving at the National
Uridge, or ruenie aei ixey, 11 is evmoni vu? wis
Mexicuns would there oppose their progress.
In such a case a bloodj fight would hare been
Inevitable.
The National Bridge is a handsome and substantial
structure of stone, crossing a wide and
turbulent stream, with fortified heights enclos*
ing it on all sides. On the occasion of th^
American expedition to Mexico in 1847, the
commanders feared that they would be compelled
to fight a hard battle at this bridge.
The Mexicans, however, did not make a stand
there. A supply train, tinder command o'
Colonel Mcintosh, was afterwards attacked
there by the Mexicans; but the arrival of Gen.
George Cadwallader, with eight hundred men,
turned the fight in favor of the Americans,
who ended the contest by seizing some of the
heights. Finco that time th" Mexicuns bare
had abundant opportunities of fortifying the
position, which, by latest accounts, wss really