“Inform me if the marriages of Catholics, Jews, Quakers
and Dissenters generally, wheu performed according to
their peculiar ritual.*, and not according to the Church of
England, arc considered valid and sufficient to entitle the
issue of such marriages to any inheritance that may ac
crue to them by the demise ot their parents?” “Alta”
must refer to England. In this country the various re
ligious denominations are equal before the law, and mar
riage being considered a civil contract.it matters not by
whem parties are united, provided it is according to the
civil code. In England, “ Catholics, Jews, Quakers and
Diessnters generally, arc at liberty to marry without re
sorting, to make the ceremony efficacious, to the Church
of England. By the 4 and 5 William IV , chap. 23, regular .
marriages may be solemnized by the clergy of any re- I
ligious persuasion. The act to relieve Jews, Roman I
Catholics and Dissenters, passed by the British Parliament
on the 18th of August, 1846, absolved religionists of every
class from various penalties and disabilities under which
they had previously labored, and has placed them in
many respects upon an equal footing with those of the
Established Church Members of the Royal Family of
England cannot legally marry Roman Catholics and re
tain their right to the succession. Indeed they cannot
marry at all without the consent of the sovereign. (12
George 111, chap. 11.)
Doubter. — There are no passages in
the Old Testament which dircc tly inculcate the immortal
ity of the soul. Indeed the wor.lwtd in the Hebrew Scrip
tures is very equivocal In Genesis for instance, the pas
sage in our English version. “Let the earth bring forth
the living creature” in Hebrew is, the living soul. So in
Leviticus Life in Hebrew is synonymous with nut. In
Ecclesiastics soul and spirit In man and animal are con
founded. “ Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth up
< ward,and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to
the earth?” The conclusion of the Preacher upon this
double premise is direct, and proves that he had but little,
if any idea, of the existence of man apart from his body,
“ Wherefore I perceive that there is nothing better than
a man should rejoice in his own works ; for that w Auyx>r
"tion; for who shall bring him to see what shall be after
him ?” In the New Testament, the immortality of man is
repeatedly insisted on ; and is. indeed, the fundament
al of Christianity. In the Greek text there is little or
no ambiguity. Christ, Paul and other writers and actors
in the New Testaments, speak of immortality with much
assurance. With them the soul is that immortal substance
in man (is man), which is the origin ot his thoughts of his
desires, of his reasonings—the element which distinguishes
him from the spirit which actuates the brute creation.
Mechanic.—“ I have occupied apart
ments in a tenement house for the past five years, and
have always paid my rent in advance, although I have
had no written agreement with the owner to that effect.
At this period last year my landlord lowered the rem, but
now demands an increase. Can he legally do so before
the first of May? Can I take my improvements away,
such as water-pipes, etc ? Can he eject me from the house
if I refuse to pay the advanced rent? Can he legally com
pel me to pay my re«nt in advance?” Unless the apart
ments are leased for three years and the lease placed on
record, the owner can eject at any time, if the rent is not
paid in advance, or when mutually agreed upon between
the parties, the hirer and letter Fixed furniture, such
as water pipes, cannot be removed by the tenant at will.
To do so he must first obtain the written consent of the
owner.
B. O. F. —" If a member of a society,
for well determined reasons, is suspended for a length ot
time, is he debarred admission to its meetings ?” That
depends on the determination of the society. Usually
when a member is suspended, his exclusion consists not
in debarring him from attending, if he desires it, the
meetings of the society, but irom ils benefits and from
” voice and vote in its deliberations, during the period for
which he has been suspended“ k lf during his suspen
sion the society gives a soiree, the members being admit
ted to it without charge, has the suspended a right to de
mand free admission ?” We think not That is one of the
benefits of which it is assumed he is deprived“ln
Congress, or in any deliberative body, has not a member
' the right to the iioor by simply rising—provided no ocher
person has the floor?” That depends on whether debate
is in order.
John Bull.— ' What claim had Wil-
Ham 111. (Prince of Orange) to the throne of England, be
yond being the son-in-law to James II?” It was his mar
riage with Mary, eldest daughter of James, Duke of Vork,
heiress presumptive to the British crown, that placed him
on the English tltrone. He had other claims, however.
He was the posthumous son ot Mary, daughter of Charles
Lof England, and nephew of Cnarles 11. The flight of
his father-in-law, James, on the invasion of William of
Orange, placed the crown, by a formal act of Parliament,
in possession of the Prince and Princess, with remainder
successively to the issue ot the latter, to the Princess
Anne and her children, and to the heir of William by any
u u.her wife.
Showman. —“ A and B intend getting
tp sitraveling panorama, Is it necessary for them to get
out a license in order to travel from State to State ? If so,
would a new one have to be got in every State?” It is
necessary to get a general license from the Federal Gov
ernment. and a license from every State in which the
show is exhibited* It a young man and young lady
should ‘eat* for a philopena, would it be gentlemanly
for him to claim the philopena the first time he met her
afterward, if he should be the first to speak?” Yes.it
would be ••gentlemanly.”There are many houses In
New York in which magic lanterns, views of the war, Ac.,
Ac., can be obtained. We can name iwne in this place.
• .. Yorkville. — Unless the gum is large
we would advise its deposit in one or more savings banks.
’■ It is true tho interest can nevor exceed six per cant,
which, if invested in mortgages, it will command seven
percent, but the advantage of placing it in savings banks
is, ,ihat from these it can always bo withdrawn when re
quiredlt Is unquestionably a safe business to loan
money money on real, property There Is consider
able inconvenience in turning bonds and mortgages into
money.
“ Diffusionist. ’ The first intelli
gence of a public character telegraphed over the electric
wires between Washington and Baltimore was the an
nouncemen of the nomination of James K. Polk for the
Presidency by the National Democratic Convention of
1844, assembled at Baltimore. The first private dispatch
was sent by a young lady, who had been an active friend
of Prof. Morse, using her personal influence with mem
bers of Congress iu his behalf. The words were, if we
rightly remember, “ See what the Lord hath done.”
Hiram. —“ Suppose a woman gets a
divorce from her husband in the state of Illinois—they
♦ residents of that slate-is he compelled by law to
support her out of his salary, he having no property?” if
the Court affirming the divorce declares that defendant
(the husband) shall .contribute a portion of his earnings
<o\\ aid the future support of the petitioner (the wife, the
former, by order of the Court, can be compelled to enter
li4o bonds to the better fulfilment of the stipulaiion.
Stage- Jack. — There are but nine ropes
knownas such to seamen on board a ship, viz.: the foot
head, itun, leach, yard, mast tiller, bucket and back
ropes. Alithe others are included under the technical
names of stay?, shrouds, tacks, sheets, halyards, <tc
The phrases you quote are not known to seamen, they arc
guly trom the stage or read in novels.
Hippo.— Our impression is that the
Sixtj -flnh Regiment N. Y. V. left for the seat iff war some
weeks before Forty-seventh.
PBBMED BT A. J. WHIIAMBON.
Johnson.— The armistice which led
to the suspension of hostilities between Mexico and the
United States was concluded in the city of Mexico on the
20th of February, 1848, and the treaty of “Peace, Friend
ship, Limits,” etc., was ratified by the Senate of the United
States on the 10th of March, 1848. The treaty was ratified
by the Mexican Senate on the 25th day of May. The war
ended, the American troops, without delay, evacuated tho
Mexican capital and territory.
L. F. G.— According to estimates
made by the Topographical Bureau at Washinßton,;th«
vnitcd States and Territories form an area of 2,936,166
square miles, nearly equally in extent to that of the conti
nent of Europe. The estimated area of Canada (including
the two provinces) is 357,822 square miles. The island of
Australia is about the size of the United States and Terri
tories. It includes an area of perhaps 3,000,000 square
miles.
The Dollar-Man.— There are many
opinions as to the origin of the dollar mark ($). .Some
writers insist that It is a contraction of “ U. S.others
that it is a representation of the figure eight (8) with two
straight lines for shillings, meaning eight shillings; while
others insist that it is a contraction of pounds, shillings
and pence.
W. H. H.— “ Are children born in
the United States, of parents subjects of the Queen of
Great Britain and Ireland, on receiving at maturity, enti
tled to the rights and privileges of American citizens?”
Without question. They are “American citizens.”
Constant Subscriber.— lnform me of
the amount of gold S6BO in notes will purchase, the gold
at premium?” Six hundred and eighty dollars in
paper will purchase in gold $275 40—the discount being
$404 60.
p ex , — The English of “ La Traviata”
is, “The Lost One.” It is an operatic # version of “Ca
mille.”
E. Hearon.— We believe you have
fully complied with the conditions of the act of May 25,
1841.
gUw fot
What will they Do with their Old
Maids?— The Eclectic Magazine for February,
contains some well selected articles from English
magazine literature, among which one under the
title of “What shall we Do with our Old Maids?”
attracts attention. It seems by the showing here
made, that thirty out of every hundred English
women never marry. The cause is not stated.
Whether it is because they are not asked, we are
left in doubt, but considering the peculiarities of
the sex, that seems tho most plausible solution.
An elaborate argument is made by the writer, to
elucidate the destiny of this thirty per cent, of
surplus femininity. We might suggest an easier
method, which would be to write another article
entitled “Why don’t the men propose ?” and, by
the force of winning logic, induce the bachelors
to take this burden oil’tho of the i*oaster’s
mild creed, viz.: “That damsel who, having at
tained the age of eighteen, shall refuse to marry,
must remain in hell till the resurrection.”
The Convocation of Canterbury, at its last an
nual session, took the matter in hand, and sought
to make it an ecclesiastical charge. The object
was to concentrate the works of benevolence for
amelioration of the sex, or in the words of this
writer, to gather the lady guerrillas of philan
thropy under the chaperonship of mother church.
This irreverent mention of those desperate vota
ries of benevolence, the ladies, must be set down
to the author’s discredit, if not an actual proof
that he is one of the thirty per cent, who have
neglected to propose.
None but an old bachelor could be so crusty
with the dear creatures. But the remedy is by
no means settled upon. Certain things are pro
posed. One is to accept the feminine fact as it
exists, and do the best to make them tidy and
comfortable in the capacity of old maids, by mod
ifying customs and trades to give them the
means of supporting themselves. Another meth
od is to stop the old maid business entirely, and
make wives of them.
To accomplish this, a new order of things is
suggested. Proposals are to be issued for the
best essays on Marriage Made Easy, for the ben
efit of those who remain at home, while those
who may be disposed to emigrate are to bo
packed into a ship and sent off to Australia and
other colonies, where they are expected to marry
instantaneously. One writer proposes to send off
fifty thousand girls every year. Heaven save the
mark I They would Mormonize the world. The
more rigorous philosophers, of whom there is al
ways a class which the old maids have to fear,
actually advocate wholesale banishment, to be
brought about by the abolition of female avoca
tions, and a great exodus of women to some io-’
cality where wives are wanted. And to demon
strate tho feasibility of the project, Miss Marie
8. Bye, a missionary in the cause, has gone out
to Australia, or some other heaven-forsaken place,
with one hundred unfortunate maids. Imagine
them turned loose. Picture the frantic rush of
gold diggers to seek and carry off a wife, aud the
dire consternation of the maids at being con
signed to such uncouth and uncivilized embraces.
Knocked down gold nugget, shouldered
by a hairy and unkempt male man, and carried
off to the woods, as they tell us the gorillas carry
off the sleek and shiny negressee. What has
British philanthropy come to ?
If England could happily agree to let Ameri
can affairs and tho amelioration of the black race
a’one, and apply her energies to English affairs
and the re fief of the white race, she would know
what to do with her old maids without asking
the world for a solution. Fortunately, cotton
has opened her eyes in the matter of philan
thropy, and, having got the negro off her hands,
she may devote herself to the old maids with
whose existence and wants she has been twitted
many a time and oft ere this. Ono tiling is cer
tain, she cannot send them to America, for, if
their eyes were not speedily scratched out by
their Milesian Bisters who have got the first-hold
lease, they would still remain old maids, for there
is mourning in every hamlet and town over the
land.
“Barney, let the Girls Alone I”
i Newspaper editors and correspondents have com
! menced a new crusade upon crinoline or hoop
: skills. The whole batch of grumblers should be
i condemned to serve an imprisonment of one
! year in a Bhaker family, where they could see
nothing but the straight skirts of their primitive
grandmothers. Hoop skirts, selected with an
idea to symmetry on the part of the lady who
wears them, are an ornament to the sex, besides
being healthful and eirtaons in their tendency.
There is no reason, however, for wearing street
sweeping dresses. Let tho tall ladies eut off
their absurd fashion, which frequently degene
rates into filthiness, upon a dirty day, and the
l shorter ladies will not be behindhand in setting
off their own pretty figures. The Empress Eu
genio is the high patroness of crinoline, but she
never countenanced a dress-street, ball, or re
ception—which was assimilated with mud. As,
however, we object altogether to masculine med
dling with feminine style of costume, no it may
be admitted that there should be no interference
with the length any than with the breadth |
of the despotism of dress.
NEW YORK, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 1863.
Death of Miss Biddle. —Miss Mary
Biddle died in Cincinnati on Tuesday last. Few
persons have had so much of “ time aud oppor
tunity” and capacity, as Miss Biddle, to form re
markable personal acquaintances and acquire
extensive information. She was born before the
Declaration of Independence, and died in her
eighty-seventh year. When a young lady she
spent muoh time in the house of her uncle
Charles Biddle, of Philadelphia, tho father of
Richard and Nicholas Biddle. Mr. Charles Bid
dle was a man of wealth, and of social and politi
cal influence, at whose house eminent statesmen,
and naval and military comunimlars were en
tertained, which gave Miss Biddle rare opportu
nity for observation and acquaintance. Decatur,
Aaron Burr, and many other distinguished men
were numerous and distinct. Her knowledge of
tho histories, fortunes, and connections of the
leading men and families of the last generation
was inexhaustible. Very much of unwritten his
tory and the biographies of a multitude will
sleep with her in the tomb. •
The Manufacture of Steel Petti
coats.—The report of the French jury at the
London Exhibition (Class xxxii.) gives the fol
lowing particulars on the importance of the trade
to which the fashion of crinolines has given rise:
“ The cotton required for covering the springs is
worth, under circumstances, 30f. for every hun
dred kilogrammes of steel, making a total of
1,2C0,0C0f for the 4,200,000 kilogs. of that metal
used for this purpose. The value of the raw ma
terial used is about 4,830,000 f. yearly, and the
cost of the labor is 5,670,000 f., without including
the making of the petticoats. The steel springs
for skirts made yearly in France weigh 2,400,000
kilogs., in England, 1,200,000 kilogs., and in
other countries, 600,000 kilogs.,—in all 4,200,000
kilogs. These springs are covered with cotton
at 2f. 50f. per kilog. on an average, which make
the total proceeds 10,500,000 f. Taking tho steel
in bars to be worth on the average Bof. per 100
kilogs., its total value is 570,0001.
Photographs in the East.—The Smyr
na Herald says: “Among the new institutions
rapidly familiarized in the East is that of photo
graphic albums, which are spreading among our
Ottoman friends. The portraits of Ottoman
celebrities on cartes de visite and in albums can
now be found throughout the Empire. Only one
Turkish lady as yet has given herself to the
public gaze—a well-known leader of fashion in
Constantinople, or rather Pera. Persian ladies
are not so coy, and painted portraits of them
have long been known.”
The daughter of Mr. J. Braham, the
celebrated vocalist, was recently married, for the
fourth time, to Mi', Chichester Fortescue, Under
secretary of State for the Colonies. She w-as
married as Frances, Countess of Wa.ldegra.ve ;
her first marriage was to the Hon. John Walde
grave; her second to George Edward, seventh
Earl Waldegrave; her third to Mr. George Gran
ville Harcout, son of Dr. Harcourt, Archbishop
oPYork. She is now 42 years of age.
Parisian society has lost another of
its well-known residents—Lady Beresford. She
had lived in France many years, and was fre
quently seen at the theatres; but more especP
ally at the Italian Opera, where she attracted
attention by the eccentricity of her toilette. She
had on more than one occasion been the subject
from which the French caricaturist took his
idea of Les Anglaises. Her furniture and works
of art are advertised for sale.
It has been said that many young
ladies, for the first year after marriage, can
never look at one of their own sex without a
peculiar sort of expression on their countenance
of a compassionate curiosity, arising out of a
conscious superiority, as much as to say, “ Are
you a married woman ?”
'gditicnl glatkM
The rebel sympathisers in Kentucky
assembled at Frankfort on Wednesday, for the
purpose of making nominations for the August
election. The House of Representatives having
refused the use of tho hail by a very decided
vote, they rented the theatre. Delegates from
forty counties were present. David Merriweather
was elected Chairman. Ou taking the chair he
said he hoped the Convention would do nothing
that good, loyal citizens should not do. In tho
meantime a regiment of soldiers, with fixed bay
onets, formed in front of the theatre. When the
call of counties was made, Col. Gilbert read the
following order:
“ Trustworthy information having been re
ceived at the„e headquarters that a number of
rebel spies and emissaries are in this city, it is
ordered that all persons now here, not residents
or members of the Legislature or officers of tlie
State Government, forthwith leave their names
at these headquarters, accompanied with satis
factory reference as to their loyalty to the Gov
ernment.”
Col. Gilbert took the stand, he said, to facili
tate the proceedings and save the Convention
trouble. He wished his Adjutant would take the
names of the delegates. He said :
“ There are those hero who we know to be re
bels of the lowest kind, under the disguise of the
name of Democrats. You have assembled here
with the hope of perfecting your designs. But it
will not do. Repudiated by the Legislature, who
have refused to you the use of their hall, tho De
mocratic newspapers scorn and disown you.
There is no use of your holding a Convention in
Kentucky. There will be none but men of un
doubted loyalty to the Government allowed to
run for any office. Such meetings as this you
shall not hold within the limits of my command;
and to avoid difficulty you will disperse to your
homes, and in future desist from all such at
tempts to precipitate civil war upon your state.”
After Col. Gilbert had spoken, an attempt was
made to offer resolutions, which were respectfully
declined by Col. Gilbert. The body then adjourn
ed. There was some excitement in tho city, but
no disturbance.
The New Hampshire Union Conven
iion met at Manchester on the 17th inst., and
was very well attended. Hon. Win. C. Clark, of
Manchester, presided. Col. Walter Harriman, of
the Eleventh New Hampshire regiment, was
nominated the Union candidate for Governor by
acclamation, and Col. John C. Caughlin, of tho
Tenth regiment, for Railroad Commissioner.
The resolutions, which were unanimomily adopt
ed, are as follows:
Believing that there can be no neutrals In the the pres
ent struggle for national existence, and that he who la not
for his country is against it. therefore
IteMlved, That we are in favor of the continued persecu
tion of the war until rthis unholy rebellion Is suppressed,
and of the use of every means recognized in civilized war
fare to accomplish that result
Stcondy That, in the language of the lamented Douglas,
we have no sympathy with those who are attempting to
make political capital out of the miseries of our country. :
Third, That not to stand by the Government in this crisis :
would be ft base desertion of our gallant countrymen now ’
defending our Uag in the field, and would render of no ■
avail the blood already shed in defence of the Constitution ;
and the Union.
Gen. Hamilton, of Texas, was present, and
made an eloquent speech, occupying an hour
and three-quarters. He was followed by Hon.
B. F. Flanders, of New Orleans, and others.
The Convention was harmonious and enthu- :
Biastic.
The amendment known as the “ Wi
-1 y Amendm< nt,” inserted by Congress in the
new Constitni ion of the new State of Western ■
Virginia, was unanimously ratified on tho 17th I
inst., in Wheeling by the Constitutional Con-
anb gahjohaf?
vention. It will be submitted to the people on
the 26th of March. There is no doubt that it
will be overwhelmingly ratified. The amend
ment provides for gradual emancipation, com
mencing July 4, next.
The Louisville Convention Resolu
tions (to deliberate on National affairs,) adopted
by a party vote in the Illinois House, failed in
the Senate, one Democratic member having sud
denly died and two others voting with the Re
publicans against their adoption at this time.
Consequently, the Kentucky Legislature has re
scinded the said resolutions.
The Connecticut- Democratic State
Con ven t i -*■* Tin rlfor d } on Wednesday norni
natedfor Governor Hon. Thomas H. Seymour.
IWritten for the Sunday Dispatch.]
NIGHT RAIN.
BY A SOLDIER “ ON GUARD.”
I stand upon my dreary-beat,
And sadly sight the scene ;
The stars, in orderly retreat,
Have vanished with their Queen,
And left the brawny Tempest-King
The victor in the fight,
His darkened banners wide to fling
Upon the field of Night.
And scattered over here and there
Are pitched their tents of cloud;
And chantings fill the echoing air
From out that sombre crowd.
The Winds are fifing through the wood,
Among the leafless trees;
The Rains, in faithful brotherhood,
Are drumming with the breeze.
The storm comes rushing as the foe,
While I its force withstand;
And oh, that he who made it so
Would that order countermand !
That those signal lights of peace might shine
In Heaven, as before,
To teach this erring world of Thine
That it should war no more.
Headquarters First Regiment, N. Y. V.,)
Camp Pitcher, Va., Jan. 10,1863. |
Dear Dispatch : Since my last we have liad
all sorts of weather, varying in temperature,
from extreme cold to that of midsummer, which
favor we now enjoy.
On Saturday it cleared up late in the afternoon
from a three days rain in time for an inspection
that had been postponed three times on account
of the weather, and had got to our hotels, when
we got the to. get ready for a three days
picket, in heavy marching order.
As there was some intimations that it was
more than doubtful whether we should return to
this camp, all our kits were hastily packed, aud
in little over half an hour we were' on the road,
though this effort to come to time cost many
their supper, and some the greater part of the
three days rations that had to be issued.
The track was most horridly heavy, and away we
went at a slapping gait, for the pace had to be
tremendous, for if one left his foot long enough
in one place to let it sink to the bottom, his case
was a hopeless one—he became a fixture—a poor
old soldier stuck in the mud. After marching
about two miles we came to a halt, and remained
about two hours, when we resumed our march.
The weather had grown intensely cold, and the
roads had frozen hard where it was but mud
alone, making them jagged and rough ; but this
was not the case with the holes, as many of us
found to our cost when we stepped upon what
seemed to be solid ice and went above our knees
in water. A few miles further and we made
another halt at a picket, and we began to think
that we had been converted into a species of
grand rounds,” and were going around to in
spect the pickets. At last we got started again,
and this time got to the scene of our destination,
which was to relieve Duryea’s Zouaves.
When the task of relieving the old pickets was
accomplished, and the reserve of the regiment
ready to bivouack, the moon was about four
hours high, and if your readers want to know
the time they must look into the almanac—that
is my time-piece at night on picket.
The night was intensely cold, but we built
roaring fires and made ourselves comfortable,
which was not the case with the poor fellows on
post, who were allowed no fires.
The next day was most pleasant, and I found
myself detailed as one of five to go on guard
from my company, and we, with twenty others,
were soon on the way to our post. Passing a
small log-house, one of our number suddenly fell
in an epileptic fit, and he was a member of my
company. I remained behind, with three others,
to take charge of him, and after his partial re
covery, at the invitation of the occupants, we re
moved him into the house. The inmates thereof
consisted of young maiden of about eighteen
summers, (I reckon,) four children, divided in
the sexes, and an infant in the cradle ; Pap had
gone to the mill to get some meal, as they did a
thriving business with the soldiers, selling them
hoe-cakes at twenty-five cents apiece. Tne fur
niture and the fixings w r ere of the most primitive
description, consisting of a largo double bed
stead, lialf a dozen chairs, two pine tables, ono
of which was flanked by a couple of water pails;
a cupboard containing a few articles of crockery,
of tho most antiquated style and patterns;
a washstand, which being covered with a white
napkin, served the purpose of a book-stand, and
on which weie piled the library of the household
in the form of a pyramid, an eight-day clock, a
twenty-five cent looking glass, a shilling print of
a juveniles “Harry,” a email iron pot which hung
ov< r the fire, and the cradle, completing an in
ventory of the place. The fire-place was of the
most awkward make, a fixed iron bar supplying
the place of a moveable crane, while tho neartli
was formed of rough, iaggod rocks, presenting a
surface more uneven than the worst piece of cob
ble pavement to be seen in New York city.
But the cradle—here let me come to a pause—
I have seen among the Indians and in the back
woods some curious specimens in their way, but
this for its uncouth clumsiness, “knocked the
whole of them all to pieces.” The rockers were
an oddity in their way, and the body was not fit
for a respectable hog trough—a Connecticut
suckling would invent a better one, and file a
caveat for a patent before it would consent to tho
disgrace and discomfort of being nursed in such
a one; and yet this domicil was the home of a
man well to do in the world, as the apparently
formerly well cultivated fields which surround ir,
showing out amid the wreck and havoc made by
the soldiery, prove. The acting mistress of the
house was a maiden of some eigntecn years, fair
and comely to look upon, of amiable and agreea
ble mamjeis, with a sweet winning smile, and
soft, gentle voice, and was more than usually re
fined for one representing the middling classes
of “Dixie.” Her name was Jennie. Dressed as
she was in tattered garments of tow cloth, her
air and manner commanded one’s respectful at
tention. Arrayed in purple aud fine linen, with
her “harness” selected from Stewart’s or feord <fe
Tavlors, and her “trappings” from Bal, Black &
Co r s, or Tiffany’s, she would have been as pretty
a specimen of dry goods as one would see in a
day’s walk. The female children were dressed
in the most scanty and tattered garments of cali
co, while the boys wore cast-off garments of sol
diers uniforms. Incidentally the mention of a
nigger brigade was made, when my maiden fair
remarked that she hoped they would send tho
niggers that way;—there would not be many left
alive in a short time. Her smile lost some of its
sweetness, and her tene its gentleness, when she
said: “Old Abe I I wish he was dead. I'd as
lief kill him as I inould a nigget\ and I'd kid a
nigger as quick as I would a black snake ~ n Spicy
that, and a little on the Cayenne order. She was
handsome then in her impotent wrath. I like--to
see crinoline in a rage; for the same reason that
I always go to the “show when the lions are
about to be fed,” or the animals are about to be
“stirred up with a long pole,” it shows their
points to aavz ntagc.
We were relieved from picket on Monday, and
returned to camp by a short cut, saving three
quarters of the distance, but the short cut part
was just the roughest road I ever traveled. In
fact 1 got “stuck in the mud” in a plowed field,
and before I could extricate myself che regiment
had got a quarter of a mile in advance; but I got
up to it at first bait, and had no further mishap.
To-day we had an inspection by Lieut-Colpnel
Burt of the regular army. The clouds show
plainly that there is another storm brewing. Is
it not a wonder that “the army of the Rappahan
nock” don’t make a move?
Jan. 111 meant to have finished this yester
day, but on account of an unexpected occurrence
was prevented, and had to attend to other duties.
The fact is, lam promoted. “Smokey” has been
relieved at his own request, and I supersede
him. lam now A. A. C. (Assistant Artistical
Cook) for the Company for one week. In inau
gurating this change, I am mistaken if the
“ growlers” have not “ put their foot in it.” The
force of the fable of the frogs who petitioned to
Jupiter for a king, who sent them a stork that
immediately began to gobble them up, will be
exemplified. In any case, if they “get back on
me” and growl and grumble, I’ll soon fix them.
I'll serve them out -with “ anti-phlogistic” coffee,
put “ tinct. kaackiac” in their soup, sweonton
their rice with “Syrup Squintilicus,” and fiavoj
their broth with “ empLstrum epispattie^—this
latter would be altogether a fly thing, and would
draw them to their senses. This promotion of
mine was rather an unexpected affair, and nearly
took me off my feet, when I was officially inform
ed of it. I have always been aware that when
I got tired of carrying a musket, I could ‘toy it
with a “ toad-sticker” were 1 inclined to increase
the number of “ dead beats” on Uncle Sam’s list
of dependants. In fact, I have the documents in
my pocket, but don’t think it the cheese”
to use them. But this promotion, given with
out solicitation, and on my own merits, I did not
feel justified in refusing (Voice- “Ef yer had er
sed you wouldent, the guard-house would have
fetched yer up”) and so Company are going to
have their grub cooked on scientific principles.
Sartin sure, if they kick up any capers, they will
have practical lessons in culinary chemistry. So
wh.de the pots are boiling to the tune of “ Molly
put the kettle on,” I indite these lines. At some
future time I may be able to give you the benefit
of my experience with the boys in my new “ po
sish.” Dinner will be late, but if there is a word
of unnecessary grumbling (a little is necessary
to ease their mind), in goes a couple of boxes of
“patent pills” into their coffee to-night—l’ll
purge and physic them of all such complaint.
The weather is stormyagain, and as the fires are
going out, and John, who is bead cook, might
think I was trying to beat him, I must close this,
In haste, Ramrod.
Headquarters First Regiment, N. Y. V., (
Camp Pitcher, Ya., Feb. 17, 1862. f
Dear Dispatch— ln my last I announced mat
I had been promoted to the “ posish” of A. A. C.,
(Assistant Artistical Cook,) and having passed
through the “fiery ordeal” of seven days’ service,
and been relieved by two other distinguished pa
triots, I now take up my pen to jot down some
few incidents of my week’s experience.
Let me preface these remarks by stating the
fact that while I was fully impressed with the
! magnitude of the many duties 1 was about to as
sume the control of, and felt the weight of the
responsibility that rested upon me, still as I
knew that the Ist Regiment had fewer growlers
and grumblers and more philosophers and good
fellows in it than any regiment in the field, and
that Co.wa« the company in that respect
Ju the regiment—regular “ take it as it comes”
fellows—l had an abiding faith in being able, by
the exercise of all my energy, skill and judgment
—a little soft soap, suavity, and soft sawder, and
some policy.—to pass muster with not over much
difficulty.
To be sure, it was far from being all plain sail
ing, yet as the head cook, John, as all the boys
agreed, was a “ ripping, staving” good cook, or
as “Piper Joe” would say, was “bully” in that
lino, I started -with pretty good confident. Still
I remembered my old maxim, “doubtful things
are very uncertain,” and governed myself ac
cordingly. I gave out to the boys that I meant
to do the best I could, and if I did not suit they
were free to tell me so, but that 1 would not
stand more grumbling than the law allowed, and
would revenge myself by putting “ tinct kack
iack,” or something else, in their grub, that
would not suit “much petter ash gout.” As I
was somewhat posted in the “ pottercary” hue,
i and they knew it, this no doubt had a wholesome
effect.
Subsequently I held a confab with the “ Doc
tor,” (not the regimental doctor, but our compa
ny’s doctor,) or “Doc,” as the boys call him for
short, who is a chum of mine, we being as thick
i as two peas, and who is a “ regular ham”—in
fact, a “ country smoked,” “ city cured,” “ sugar
cured,” a “ saltpetrqd,” and a “ chemically pre
served”—and who volunteered the following ad
vice :
“Listen,” said he; “you are going to do up
the cooking?”
“Yes.” «
“ And you are some afeard the growlers and
grumblers will have a high old time, to your dis
comfort?”
“Just so,” said I.
“ And you want my advice and assistance ?”
A nod.
“ And you will take my advice if I give it?”
Another nod.
“Here it is, then,” said he. “It won’t do for
you to depend upon ‘tinct. kackiak,’ ‘symp. syr
uin tillicus,’ or ‘emplastrum epispastic,’ (that’s
Spanish fly plaster, ain’t it?), or by giving the
largest bone to the biggest grumbler, when you
cut up the meat. No, sir-rue. If you have told
this, just change front, take a new position, and
let it be a bold one, too, at that. Let them un
derstand,” he continued, “that you have formed
an alliance with me, both offensive and defensive,.
and that I am going tu put you through, or rath
er enable you to put the growlers through an ex
tremely severe comae of sprouts.” Ho continued
again : “It is the mark of genius to obtain valu
able results by imperfect instruments. We all
know what good service has been rendered to
chemical science by blacking pots in the hands
of a Priestly.. Now lam a man of genius!'' And
he plumed himself proudly. “I’m just the boss
you want to ride; and if I had a dozen more
official ‘red tape’ halters round my neck, it would
! not make a jackass of me. This is my laborato
ry.” And he waved his hand majestically round
his six-by-eight “hotel.” “Here are my imple
ments,” pointing to his canteen and a lot of tin
pans, old preserved milk cans, and empty whiskv
bottles. “Here are retorts, receivers, mattresses,
gand baths, and vapor baths, and all else I need
fcr apparatus. pn |hose .bits of woods,” and
he produced a box of matches, “is sulphur, phos
phorus and starch. This,” and he handled it
cartridge of gunpowder, “contains sulphur, salt
petre and charcoal. These little copper capsules,”
and he displayed a few percussion caps, “contain
the chlorate of potash, that I need with other
things that Ido not need. This,” and he pointed
to a little paper of sugar, “when burnt, will sup
ply me with pure carbon, and 1 have all that 1 1
require.” Here he made a must magnificent
flourish, and sat himself down. He always goes
off at au acute angle when he gets talking about
chemistry’.
“But what has all this to do with boiling tough
beef cut from the animal that was the maternal
or paternal parent of the “fatted calf,” that was
killed to welcome home the prodigal son? or
making bean soup out of beans that were grown
upon the vine that we read of in the history of
Jack and his bean stalk?”
“Just what lam coming at,” said he. “Now
we arc engaged in a civil war, and it is the blood
iest war on record. A civil war can’t but be so.
Now a civil war is an intestine war, and the terms
arc synonomous.”
“Granted,” said I, “but what does all this
tend to ?”
“ Just this—tell the boys that you are prepared
‘to carry the war into Africa,’ and have got a
supply of juvenile specimens of my ‘patent con
cussivo incendiary shell,’ (the same with which I
intended to blow up the Merrimac, if I could
have got one inside of her,) which you are pre
pared to put into their ‘bean soup,’ if you hear
too much growling and grumbling. They have
got about enough of civil and intestine wars
now, but when they find that you mean to make
it a war of the intestines, they will gladly sue
for peace, only asking, like the South, to be let
alone.”
Subsequently I told all this to the boys, and i
afterwards discovered that they had been talking ■
it over, as I overheard Gillie say, “Confound
that doctor, if he should go home to New York
and open a porter house, I would be afraid to
drink any of his liquor; he would be all the time
doctoring it up till he get it with his experiments
so as to poison the whole lot of his customers.”
Thus I knew that I had got them just where I
wanted them, and that they were afraid of the
patent incendiary concussivc shells in miniature.
At any rate, certain it is that my eff irts were
crowned with perfect and there was lit
tle grumbling and hardly a growl during the en
tire term of my service. Now this may be at-
OFFICE. NO. 11 FRANKFORT ST.
tributed to the fact that John is really an excel
lent rook, and that the boys are the best set of
fellows that, you can scare up, or it might have
been all owing to the shell. The doctor says the
latter is the case, but I don’t quite agree with
him. Sure it is that there was too often some
slight occasion for dissatisfaction if they had
been predisposed to find fault.
The bill of fare for the week consisted of fresh
“ gutra percha beef” for two days, and pork and
beans or pork and rice sometimes with molasses,
alternately, the remaining five, with five small
potatoes for vegetables, and a sixpenny loaf or
two squares of hard tack per day to each man.
The weather was all sorts, and the cooking has
to be done in the open air without shade or shel
ter. In the above bill of share I innocently omit
ted coffee twice a day, which constitutes an im
portant item—most important. The weataer
to-dav is most.miserable —rain, sleet and snow,
the Utter of which covers the ground to the
depth of several inches.
About a fortnight since, our Acting Major,
Capt Joseph Yeamans returned from Now York
with a full Major’s commission in his pocket. As
I previously stated in a former letter, Major
Clancey had been reinstated by the War Depart
ment, and thus we had one more Major attached
to the regiment than tho service required ; con
sequently there had to bo some action taken by
the powers that be, and the result was that ou
the 10th inst. it was read out on parade, in gene
ral orders, that Major Yeamans’ appointment
was the one to bo recognized, and that of Major
Clancey’s was to be invalid. Of the causes that
led to the severance of Major Clancey’s con
nection with the regiment, I am not familiar,
and should not consider it pertinent if I were.
; But this much I will say, that from the first for
mation of the regiment he was among the most
active and energetic in drilling and disciplining
the men. On duty, there was a freedom of man
ner, a spirit of dash about him that the men
liked, and they never forgot that ho was an offi
cer. Oil duty, he did not consider it beneath
his dignity to speak to a private in terms of cour
tesey, and ou tho march, always had a pleasant
word of encouragement, or a joke, to lighten the
load of the tired, wayworn, footsore—“ hewer of
wood and drawer of water.” What disposition
has been made of him I am at present unable to
say, but wherever he goes he carries with him
the good wishes of the whole rank and file of the
regiment for his future prosperity and useful
ness. So also with a large proportion of his
brother officers, I presume, but I don’t pretend
; to speak for them. ‘Major Yeamans is also very
: popular with the regiment—more, it does not be
i come me to say.
Since my last, I have moved my quarters. My
chum, the hatter, had a visitor, and this making
i our “ hotel’ too crowded, I removed to the “ Ho
! tel de Shannon,” on the other side of the street.
: I thought my own “ranche” was some in the
way of comfort, but it “ can’t hold a candle” to
my present accommodations. Here we have a
rudely constructed cot-bedstead, with a beautiful
hay mattrass, most comfortable for a soldier to
rest his weary limbs upon. So I thought the first
night that I threw myself down upon it, after 1
had ended the labors of the day at the cooking
range. Here a little incident happened, for I bad
hardly got to snoozing when I was awakened by
a loud voice, which cried out: “ Awake, there I
Turn out every one of you! Pack your knap
sacks, and get ready to march to Acquia Creek,
anti take transportation to Washington! Make
haste, then, and don’t lose a moment I”
I sprang up in bed, bolt upright, half asleep
and half awake, and, rubbing my eyes, looked
out to see the cause of all this tumult, and there
stood a man, with a pistol in each hand “full
cocked,” himself “half-cocked,” sturdily repeat
ing what he called his “ orders,” which were tho
cause of the above disturbance. I was a little
tlustratcd at first, but the boys soon surrounded
him on his flank and rear, and got possession of
his weapons, and soon had the charges drawn,
when there was no further danger, it appearing
that it was only a private joke of his, got up for
his own amusement. Some people have no sto
: much for such jokes ; but, as I have before said,
I our boys are really good-natured fellows, and
! took the. joke quite good-naturedly. On leaving,
i he left his weapons behind him, and they now
: remain as trophies on the mantel-piece, over tho
I fire-place. They are not Colt’s pattern; but arc
: branded “Bininger’s Old Kentucky Bourbon,
■ 1849, Reserve.” So the chap probably belonged
to the “ Reserve Corps,” whose camp is a short
distance away in the hollow, under the hill. His
weapons would not prove very effective at a
; great distance; but at short range or close quar
i ters, they arc sure of doing great execution.
! They seldom overshoot; and thus, if a fellow
j don’t gets “ shot in the neck,” he generally gets
i his “underpinning” knocked from under him.
There has been much said of late of the “ de
moralization of the army of the Potomac,” and
statements have been made to the effect that
: Government or the people had but little confi
dence in it, and exaggerated accounts have been
given of tho numbers of deserters from it—the
whole blazoned forth in prints of more than
doubtful loyalty, which soem to gloat over it with
ill-concealed satisfaction. Demoralized or dis
affected this army certainly is not; but dis
: heartened, dispirited and disgusted, it certainly
• is. And what wonder ? Is it possible for any
i thinking man to cast a retrospective glance upon
• the events of the past two years, and not turn
: from the picture with disgust and loathing. , Are
: not the many noble and heroic examples of un
! flinching and unswerving patriotism and fidelity.
; covered up by a mountain of the most unexam
pled, unprincipled system of political corruption
and swindling with which the Government has
i been thwarted and impoverished, and almost
; brought to destruction ? Are not the few exhibi
i tions of good statesmanship and military-effi-
• eiency displayed more than obliterated by the
i dark record of the many blunders, halting poli
j cies, dark imbecilities, and want of sagacity by
the Government, that have marked the progress.
; of events ? Judging fi\ m the past, what of the
future?
i Can we take up a paper like the Herald or the
i 'World for perusal (and we will read any pa
; per here), and not lay it down more dissatisfied
i and disgusted, with our faith and confidence in
■ mtn’s ability to govern themselves weakened
; and shaken ? Do not we see men raised to pbwer
whom we know to be political demagogues and
uii« crupuloiw svouiKlrels ?
lIaVC wo not officers placed over us whose
i commissions wore dragged out of the mire
: and filth of the political gutters of New
; York city, or were engineered through that
! worse political fcink of iniquity, the (lobby at Al
bany ? Are we not told that the purposes of the
war have been perverted from their true issue,
and that now we are fighting forg the negro ?
What wonder, then, that when we see the fit,
' sleek, indolent “specimen of God’s handiwork
carved in ebony” in camp as an officer’s servant,
or meet him on the march riding that officer’s
horse, while we are trudging along fainting and
weary, in our moments of petulance we curse the
whole tribe, and thus it gets to be “ D—n the
nigger” here, “ D—n the nigger” there, and “To
h.l with the nigger” everywhere. Do we not
know that among a large portion of the oommu
nitv desertion isanot only tolerated but partially
looked upon as an exhibition of smartness";
while the getting home by feigning disability or
sickness is looked upon as a rare display of tact
and talent ? What .wonder that you hear re
marks similar to the one I just listened to:
“G d—n the politicians! They have made
this war, and they and the d—n nigger are to
reap the benefit of it. All the politicians are
making cords of money and don’t want it stop
ped. They send us out here to be slaughtered,
and all they intend to let us do is to pull their
chestnuts out of the fire I”
That sounds like demoralization and disaffec
tion to a stranger, but if that stranger, building
upon that remark, made an improper overture
to him, he would soon find out his.mistake.
That man is “ sound on the goose,” but having
had his patience tried by something he has read
in the papers, has just let out a little plain truth.
Speaking of papers puts me in mind that two
thirds of mine are stolen or miscarried ; and the
theft of a newspaper is a most contemptible,
dirty crime, while the delinquency that allows
them to be miscarried is reprehensible and un
pardonable. Truly yours,
Ramrod.
A New Line of Steamers is about
being started to run from Boston to Europe.
An application has just been presented to the
Massachusetts Legislature for an act of incor
poration for the “American Steamship Com
pany.”
NUMBER 15.
[Written for the Sunday Dispatch.}
WHEN EVENING SHADES.
BY FRANCIS B. MURTHA.
When evening shades release the mind !
From worldly care and sorrow,.
And toil gives way to peace un i rest,
At least until the morrow,
How Fancy draws her t,rustl’d work, ;
The heart being all aglow,
As wanders memory back again
Through years of long ago,
When life dawned bright and beautiful, i
Clear as a Summer sky,
With not a thought beyond the morrow,
No useless tear nor sigh,
And a golden halo circled
Each object of delight:
For sunshine dwell’d witnin the heart,
And all was fair and bright.
How little knew we then of life,
Or thought of future years ;
What little cared we for the world,
Its missions and fears.
But once arrived at “ man’s estate,”
How soon our prospects change.
Alas I sad experience holds to view "
, A record true—but strange.
[Copyright secured according to law’.)
AUCE DRAYTON,
THE BACKWOODS BEAUTY;
OR,
THE RIGHT TRIUMPHANT.
A TALE OF THE WILDERNESS.
BY CHARLES HENRY DAY,
AUTHOR OF “JERSEY BLUES,” " KATE VAUGH,”
etc., etc., etc.
“Man 1B unjust, but God la juat; and finally Justice
triumphs.”
CHAPTER V.
AN INTERPOSITION OP PROVIDENCE.
Who is It, that will doubt
The care of heaven ; or think th’ immortal
Pow’rs are slow ’cause they take the privilege
To choose their own lime when they will send their
Blessings down. Sir W. Davknant’s Fair Favohmb.
This Is thy work, Almighty Providence I
Thomson's Cori*laxv«,
On this same eventful, evening which has
been our theme in the concluding portion of
the last chapter, there was noticed a port
ly, hale-looking man, who in the journey of
life had passed the meridian, and in whose
countenance was a pleasing blending of the
rosy and the white in his flush good-hu
mored face, his hair and beard were sprin
kled with gray, and though apparently in
the decline of life, he was still stalwart, and
as he bestrode his horse appeared to enjoy his
journey with that relish which perfect health
alone can bestow. He was traveling toward the
settlement by the same course pursued by Diek
Warren, and heretofore described, when half
way up the mountain he came to another path
or road which led off to the e ist; at their junc
tion he stopped his horse, apparently in a
quandary ; at last he bade the horse go on, and
took the eastern path, remarking philosophi
cally :
‘‘ I’ll fetch up somewhere.”
Thus he kept on until dusk, the patient
horse climbing steadily over the rough path
full of rocks, but the unevenness did not dis
turb the equanimity of the rider, who had ex
pected a rough country, the distance aloue sur
prised him, but after a little deliberation he
came to the conclusion that Virginia miles
were long miles, and that he would soon reach
the settlement; in his last calculation he was
at fault, as the reader is well aware.
Still continuing his course he at length ar
rived at a cabin, dismounted and rapped upon
the door. No answer to the summons came
the latch string was in, but otherwise there
was no evidences of habitation in its surround
ings, upon which our friend book upon himself
that likerty allowed only to blind men among
us, and looked in at the window, which was
constructed of oiled jatp.-r ; this fabric and the
absence of sunlight made his efforts fruitless
and he could discern nothing ; at last actuated
by a sense that the cabin was not’ inhabited
and a desperation produced by his situation ha
drew the blade of his pocket-knife through the
paper; one look warranted the next move
ment, which was the tearing of the paper from
the frame and immediate disappearance of the
rather corpulent form .through the aperture ;
this feat was performed with credit, if we take
into consideration the weight of years and of
flesh of the gentleman—a series of grants, a
profuse perspiration, and the loss of several
vest and coat buttons, being the only inconve
nience caused thereby. Several momenta were
spent in a liberal application of the handker
chief to the face and brow, after which he
groped his way to the cabin door, opened it
and returned to his horse, took off the paddle
and bridle and laid them in a little dilapidated
shed beside the cabin ; he next placed a head
stall upon the horse, and taking a rope from off
the saddle, where it had hung beside the head
stall, he led the horse off farther to the east,
at last he came upon an opening quite free
from rocks, bushes or trees, there was consid
erable quantity of herbage growing, and upon
this he judged his horse would m .ke quite a
meal. Tieing one end of the rope to the head
stall, and the other to the nearest tree, he hur
ried back to the cabin, where he must of ne
cessity go to sleep supperiess. A ladder in the
corner attracted his attention, and thinking
that it might lead to some place better fitted
for sleeping than upon the floor, he crawled
up, where he found a place specially fitted fox
that purpose, nothing better to be sure than
bard boards, but preferable in his mind to »
night of exposure to the currents of air upoi*
the floor beneath. Weary with travel he
stretched himself out and soon was sleeping
soundly.
In the night he was by a vcioo
beneath, and peering cautiously down, he saw
the form of a man who had just entered by tho
window. He felt for his pistols, but unfortu
nately he had left them in the hols'- rs of hia
saddle. There was no other alternative but to
await the movements of his visitor, ; for it had
first been his intention to make known his
presence, and beg pardon if be was an intruder.