The offii ial report of tho late conflict near Mil
ton. Tenn., between General Hall's brigade and
the rebels, on the Liberty road, reached the War
Department yesterday from (iencrul Rosecrans.
We have before published tho leading facts. Gen.
Roserrutis gays that the rebels numbered about
eight or ten regiments of Morgan's and Breckin
ridge's cavalry, and that Gen. Hall, after four hours'
fighting, whipped and drove th'-m with a loss ou our
side of seven killod and thirty-one wounded, in
rinding one captain. The rebel loos, he says, was
thirty or forty killed, Including three commis
sioned officers, one hundred and forty wounded
?ml twelve prisoners, among which were three
commissioned officers.
The snow storm at Portress Monroe ended yes
terday in a heavy gale and severe fall of rain. The
anow was over a foot deep, and there is bat little
chance of the roads in tbatwioinity being available
for aomc days to nome.
The intelligence from G?n. Hooker's army also
represents the roads in an impassable condition
from the recent snow tall. The mad is rapidly in
creasing. There are no movements to report from
that quarter. General Hooker ia about to have a
grand review of the First Army corps.
The army of the United States and the ranse
of loyalty against rebellion have sustained a
serious loss in t_e death of Major General Edwin
V. Sumner, who died at Syracuse yesterday
morning, rather suddenly, of congestion of the
lunga.
We have later news of the rebel privateer Flo
rida by the arrival at this port yesterday of the
bark N. H. Gaston, from Trinidad, which reports
that the privateer was at Barbadoe* taking in coal
on the 23d ult., and left there on the 2->th. Since
her capture of the Jauob Bell she is not reported
to have taken any more prir.es.
By the arrival of the steamship British Queen
at this port yesterday we have news from the
Bahamas dated at Ndfmu, N. P., on the loth of
March. The blockade runners were doing an ac
tive and most profitable trade between the rebel
ports and the port of Nassau. The arrivals at arid
departures Irora Charleston. Wilmington and Nas
aati are reported as of daily occurrence. The ves
aels were mostly ownrd in England; but many
hailed from other European countries. The I,egi?
laturc ol the Bahamas wits opened in session on
the 5th instant. Governor Baylcy delivered nn
important speech on the occasion, in which h* re
viewed the portion of neutrals trading from the
Islands to the rebel ports, as well as the question,
of the right of search as asserted by the fcdernl
Congress. He maintained that the comments ami
course of the people and statesmen of the North
on this subject were* " inconsistent" and "un
just. " and that the home government would " ab
stain from everything like an infraction of the ad
?fttcd privileges of a belligerent Power.''
THX LEGISLATURE.
In the State Senate yesterday the bill making it
illegal for banka to loan over par on gold?com
monly called the Gold bill?was reported upon
favorably by a unanimous vote of the committee
having (tin charge. The bill appropriating f.>OA.OOO
to equip the Bute militia received a favorable
report. The Acqpa Town Railroad bill was recom
mitted lor amencftnent. The Broadway Railroad bill
was made the special order for next Tuesday ?vm
log. A Grinding Committee wu named by th?
President. Petitions for the Broadway Railroad
were presented. The bill 'for the building of an
other reservoir and the introduction of Croton
water on the upper end of New York island re
ceived a favoritbb^piort. A good portion of the
days session was rafcen up?in considering the As
*4**ament law.
In the Assembly the Gold bill, alter being
emended so as also to forbid the banks loaning on
foreign bills of exchange at more than par, was
oidered to a third reading. A number of bills re
ceived favorable reports from the standing com
fnltters, most of which were of no general iuterest.
A bill to compel stuck boards to make their sales
publicly was introduced. The Spring Strept Rail
road bill wss reported for the consideration ol the
P?UM.
MTBCELLANEOUI NEWS
The Suroncau mail* brought by the Norwegian
reached this oil/, from Portland, yesterday morn
ing. Our newspaper files are dated to the 5th
instant, but contain nothing of general inte
rest that was not em bra ed in the telegraphic re
port published in the Hkrai d on Saturday.
The steamship Ediuburg, from Liverpool 4th
and Queenstown llh inst., arrived at thi? port last
evening. Her advices have been anticipated by
the arrival of the Norwegian.
The St. Louis Ji'ejiiibiictm states that the condi
tion of the people of Southwest Missouri is posi
tively alarming, they bring so destitute a* to be
in danger of actual starvation.
The rebel General Gideon J. Pillow ha? suffered
considerable loss of property during the progress
of the present rebellion. In a speech which he
recently delivered in Madison county , Alabama,
he stated that the Union forces had stripped him of
all his negroes, burned his four cotton gin houses,
which he valued at ten thousaud dollars each,
taken one hundred thousand pounds of bacon, run
off five hundred head of fine cattle and two thou
sand hogs, destroyed his houses in Arkansas, and
laid waste his plantation*. All this was done while
Gideon was in the army, fighting for his rights.
Hon. Henry ML Rice of Minnesota, whose term
of service in the United States Senate expired
with the last Congress, has written a letter de
clining to be a candidate for Governor of the
State.
? ministerial crisis is talked of in Canada, on
the separate school bill which is now before Parlia
ment. A resignation is threatened by the Pre
mier.
The Republioan State Convention ef Pennsylva
nia is called, to meet at Pittsburg on the 15th of
July, to nominate candidates for Governor and
Judge of the Supreme Conrt.
Since the breaking out of the rebellion the two
sections of the Union have lost the following num
ber of generals, who have died from wounds re
ceived on battle fields:?
Rherrard Clemens has withdrawn from the can
vass on the new State question in West Virgi
nia. He attempted to stamp the river counties in
opposition to the amendment to the constitution
providing for the gradual abolition of slavery, but
was scared at Parkersburg at the appearance of
some hostile movements. He now advises the op
ponents of the amendment to stay away from the
polls, and bide their time for revenge. The Cle
mens family are always in trouble.
The Mormons have attested to expel the
United States authorities from the Territory, and
held a mass meeting on the 3d of March for that
purpose. At this meeting Governor Harding and
Associate Justices Waite and Drake were de
nounced as enemies to the Territory and general
government, and a petition to the President lor
their removal was put in circulation. On beinjr
apprized of this movement the United States offi
cers in question emphatically refused to resign or
leave the Territory, and when a committee of the
Mormons waited on the Governor he delivered a
scathing address to them, concluding by saying
that " if one drop of his blood was shed whilst in
the discharge of his duties by their ministers ol
vengeance, it would be revenged, and not one
stone in their city would remain upon another."
The act of Congress against polygamy, passed in
1862, is causing great trouble amongpt the Saints,
who are doing all in their power to resist its en
forcement by Governor Harding. There was like
ly to be some trouble on this head.
Ttie stock market oper.e<! dull and inactive yesterday,
but olosed better, ivith quite a buoyant tone. Gold Sun
tuatod between 154 and 185, closing at about 154. Ex
change closed at 160 a 1T0. Money was very easy indeed;
call loans oc. a Oc.
Major Generals
Brigadier Generals.
Total
Union. Rebel.
.. 4 1
. >5 20
19 21
The Polish InturrcctloM?lta Actual and
Contlageat Hflfects.
The news front Europe bj the Norwegian does
?ot indicate any important change in the aspect
of the Polish, revolution* Small engagements
had taken place between the insurgents and
the Russians, but there were no decisive re
sults. It was said that England and France
had agreed upeu tbe terms of a joint note to
Prussia relative to Polish affairs, iu favor of
liberal institutions to Poland, and that the
Czar mediated tbe reconstruction of the King
dom of Poland, witb the Grand Duke Conatan
tine as king.
A remarkable and interesting; proof of how
intimately connected and blended are the inte
rests of nations is furnished by the Polish insur
rection in its bearings on ?ur own civil war. Tt
is no less wonderful than true that the military
operations on the Vistula, the Bug and the
Niemen have their effect on those of which th?
Rappahannock, the Tennessee and the Mississip
pi are the theatre. How and why ? Because the
Towers of England and France, that weve ma
turing plans for interfering in the American
struggle, have bad their schemes of policy sud
denly and unexpectedly annihilated by tbe ap
parition of Poland bursting her cerements, stalk
ing forth from her sepulchre, and presenting her
self. pale, gaunt, but fearfully resoluw.
agaiust tbe power of the Muscovite. This
s|>eclucle was well calculated to cast into
shadow scenes of less danger to them trans
piring on this eoutinent: and. therefore, not
knowing how soon there might be another op
portunity, or n'-ces/ity?if lliat is the more np
propriate expression?for an alliance against
Russia, and lor the employment ?! all their
military and nural resources in that direction.
France ami England have turned their attention
from our conflict, and have riveted it upon that
in which Uus-ia and Poland are engaged. The
etfei-t which the Polish in urructlon thus has
| upon eur own civil war would justify, aside
trom the inteiue interest which the question in
horently poc-*e.>?es, our devoting so much space
as we do to-day to a review of its history.
So much for the actual effect which' the
Polish question has had upon the American
question. What effect it is to have upon the
peace of Europe, and whether it will involve a
general European war. a re settlement of bonn
dary lines, and a reorganization of Poland as an
independent F'ower, are questions that depend
upon the nicest and aost delicate points. But
that it is pregnant with most serious complica
tions has been sufficiently oroved already. The
Prussian King made an alllanoe witb tbe Czar
stipulating for the passage of Russian troops
across the Prussian boundary in pursuit of in
surgents, while tbe Poles who ventured to cross
tbe same boundary were to be disarmed. This
eonvention was the signal for a universal shriek
of exertion on tlie part of the other govern
menu wd nations. The Emperor Napoleon
manifested his disapproval of it by % flotifca
tion to ths Prussian and Russian Cabinets that
it amounted to an alliance, and that no Power
could he permitted, without violating the prin
ciple of non-intervention, to lead military aid
to Russia against her own subjects, while in
the Prussian Chamber of Deputies a resolution
was carried by a majority of four to one repudi
ating such a convention. The sympathy with
I'fland is anmistakable, and it looks as if tbe
slightest pretence for interference on her behalf
would be eagerly seized ujtoa by France and
Englni
Kor our own part we do not ttee why it would
not be better for Kuseia herself to abandon
the attempt of crushing out the Polish as
pirations for self-government, and rather muke
reparation for a century of wrongs by reconsti
tuting the republic of Poland as it stood before
the liret partition was effected. Russia's roal
int<TMst lies, not in extending her dominions
westward, but southward, through Turkey to
the Mediterranean and eastward to the Paolfic.
The United States will, after passing through
the ordeal of this civil war, go on building up
a great empire on this conk snt, and in future
ages the contest will be between this country
and Russia for the trade of the Pacific. To the
oth#r Powers of Europe -Poland amon<c them?
may be left the management of their own in
ternal affairs; but to the United States is
assigned the duty of developing the enormous
resources of this great continent, and to Russia
the high destiny of introducing modern civili
zation, arts and commerce into the eftete and
antiquated dominions of Asia. To carry out
this destiny Russia, on her part, has no need of
Poland: we, on our part, cannot do without the
South. Therein lies the distinct loo between
our present positions.
Summroraa kob the Rebel Akmy?Exhaus
tion of the Mojtakt PorvLi/no* In a Rich
mond paper of the 17th instant we tad sixteen
advertisements for substitutes, with the condi
tion generally attached that he must be over
forty-five years of age, which shows that the
population of the regular military age, be
tween eighteen and forty-five, must be ex
hausted, and that the rebellion is en its last
legs, when it muat resort to old men to fight
its battles. To show the pressure that exists,
we may state that in nearly all the advertise
ments "a liberal price" is offered, ffhile in one
the specific aum of $1,000 is held offt, with the
remark that "a bugler is preferred,'* and the
man must be of "4ober and industrious
habits." In another advertisement the sum of
$400 is offered as a reward for the arrest of a
substitute who deserted after getting his pay.
We are told he is "a Canadian by birth." All
these are indications of the terrible straits to
which the chiefs of the Southern insurrection
are now reduced. Their men are exhausted.
Their money has become almost worthless,
being four or five hundred per cent below the
p;ir standard of gold. One vigorous effort now,
and the rebellion is forever laid low.
Death ok Genual Si-mnkk.?In another part
of this paper will be found some details of the
death, the life and distinguished public ser
vices of that brave, earnest and devoted vete
ran soldier of the Union, General Edwin V.
Sumner. In losing him the army loses one of its
most experienced and heroic officers, and the
Union one of its most zealous and uncompro
mising champions. General Sumner was a
soldier of the fighting, as contradistinguished
from the strategical, school. A stern discipli
narian, a careful calculator ot the chances of
any projected military enterprise, he still be
lieved in the vigorous application of hard knocks
at close quarters with the enemy. Trained in
the field to that especial branch of the service,
he liked nothing better than a dashing cavalry
charge. His peculiar military qualities and
long experience in the Western border service
eminently qualified him tor the department of
Missouri, Arkansas. Ac., to which he wm recent
ly appointed, and for the active' duties
of which he was en route at the
tytime of his decease. He has. through a long
career of active service on many fields and
in many battles, nobly discharged the duty of
a gallant and intrepid soldier, and his memory
will long remain green in the hearts of his
grateful countrymen.
Our Ska Coast Dkkkncks.?We have long
been urging that - our State militia should be
trained to the duty of artillerists in the forts
along our seaboard. We cannot always count
on having the artillery corps of the regular
army for this service; and, with the uncertain
ties that lie before us in regard to our foreign
I relations, it would bo folly to wait until the
I danger is upon us to provide-against tlw chances
of hostile demonstrations against our coast. Wo
should have ready for any emergency of this
sort a force of experienced gunners, iiained to
fort duty, and upon whom the State authorities
can rely. We are giad to tind that these mea
sures of precaution are about being acted upon,
and that a couple of 'hoii*-and men are to be
taken from the State militia and assigned to
this special service. As they are to be subject
to the same rules and regulations as govern the
regular army, it may be calculated that- under
the influence of strict discipline and daily prac
tice they will in a short time become expert ar
tillerists and equal to an.v duty to which they
may De assigned.
Government Contracts.- The report of the
-elect committee of the House of Representa
tives on government contracts has just been
printed. Out of the twenty-nine pages of
which it is composed the McKiustry Investiga
tion occupies nineteen, or about two-thirds
of its space. The sixty-one specifications of
I which the charges against that officer are cotu
I posed are set out at length, lie was convicted
of twenty-six of these, either in whole
or in part, and dismissed the service. In
regard to the amounts of money received by
the federal ofli'.ers in New York in thesLape of
fees, perquisites, commissions. Ac., the commit
tee report that in some instances they are to??
larire. but find it difficult to determine to what
extent they could be reduced without removing
the stimulus to vigilaice in the detection of
frauds and the punishment or crime. They
see nothing to find fault with in the present
system of bonded warehouses. The rents re
ceived by the owners of these wmrehousee are
not large, and as they are regulated by the
Chamber of Commerce there can be no serious
objection to them. As*to the profits realized
under the contract for the haaliag of sample
goods from the docks for examination by the
government appraisers, the committee report
that they were excessive, but that no fault was
to be found with the mannrr in which the
labor had been performed. It was deemed
advisable, tor the first of these reasons, to let the
contract expire, and this Important and expen
sive branch of the revenue business at New
York has been restored to the special control of
the Collector of the Port Mr Barney e?ti
mate*- that a sminrf of $37,000. as compared
with the prices paid umler the contract of
18.V. can be effected by ?li" change. The qaes
tion is. will it be? If it contemplates merely a
return to the system which neroseitnted the
contract, we are afraid that the Collector's nn
tfciuations will &?? disappointed.
OoUKTtttlKfi Amomu Ptqujc Mkn?Jamkm T
Biuiar aw Fkknanoo Wood.- Iu out* or two
of hi* recent Uaiwi speeches ^r Jam..* T.
Brady lian indulged in certain .tllunioiiB to Mr
I'euiando Wood which mv anything but com
plimentary. Now, it it* quite possible that if
Mr. Wood should think tit to retort in tti?- wme
spirit he might tlnd something in the public
cttreer ot Mr. Bra ly sutficient to balance ac
count between the parties. But then the
question would recur, what ha? either party
gained . 1 lie fact iti that tin* ??.-folic uun who,
iu discussing the great queatioaa of the day.
descends to petty per*>Dalit .aa t gainst bis
neighbors, however amuaiag. can hardly ex
pect to jjaiu oi retain the confident or respect
of the community.
NEW8 FROM WASHINOTON.
Washington, March 21, ?&&'?.
CON Jin ION 0? THE 80U1II?BOW UNION I'&ISONKKS
AR1 THKATKD BT THK RKBKl.S.
The Union prmooen. who hare beeu rai?.>?d, and ar
med here hut night fromTRichmond, on the stoamor
State of ltaiue, make souie interaatiug statements in
regard to the condition of attain in the rebel ooufcderacy.
They represent that they were aaoat cruel^ treated and 1
suffered everything but death. The rebela treat atiim
Posooera much worae than they da the prisoners of war.
They ware supplied with barely satiuient food to sustain
Mte. and that of the worst possible quality. Utterly,
tfcose la Richmond have not been allowed to purchase
MytWaf-ooter^iatoaf of btm4. Proviaioae are very
scare* and bald at fabulous prices. Prices are aysteaati
caUy nndaratatad by the rabai papers. riour ia now
Mllin* in Richmond at forty to llfty dollars per barrel,
although quoted in the Richmond papers at twenty eight
dollars and a hulf; sweet potatoes, eight dollars per peck; ?
eggs, two dollars per dozen, and other articles in propor
tion. In Mobile flour is selling at seventy flye to eighty
dollars per barret.
The poorer ciaasea In Richmond ars ins starving con
ditlon, and there have been a number of cases of actual
starvation among them from inability to obtain the
necessaries of tire. 8ociely throughout the confederacy
is fearfully demoralized, women hitherto respectable
t being actually compelled to resort to prostitution to ob
ain the means of eaistcnce.
The utmost rigor and cruelty is exercised to keep the
soldiers in the army. Soldiers absenting themselves
Irom camps witbeut leave are tried by court martial and
punished by from twenty to one hundred lashes, accord
ing to the number or days they are gone. Deserters are
frequently shot as examples to deter tha soldiers rrom
^desertion. Many Union soldiers who have deserted to
he enemy ren.se to take the oath ol allegiance aud enter
the rebel service^after ascertaining the actual condition
or things and learning what they must undergo, pre
ferring to be returned as deserters snd lake their chance-;
of puniHhment on tholr return
Although the rebels generally pretend to have undimin
isned confidence in their ultimate success, yet the more
intelligent anions them are evidently becoming discaur
aged. Unless the next crop should be an average one or
if by the capture of Vlcksburg and !>ort Hudson they
should be cut oil from the supplies which they have hltli.
erlo received from Toxaa. they know that they cannot
continue the coutcst, but must be starved into submit I
sum.
These release,I prisoners state that all that buoys the
rebels up now is the aid and comfort which tbev receive
irom the demonstration of the copperheads, aud the be
lief that the Northwest Is tired of the war, aud will soon
refuse to contribute further aid toils prosecution. If
ouco conviucod of the falsity or this belier, the rebel
government could not long hold their arm* together
There is still a considerable Union feeling in the South. In
North Carolina the Union meu are iu the majority, and
the expulsion ortho rebel forces from tbat State woiSd be
f vfu"y yarded by a majority of the citizens or the
State, who would gladly return to the protection of th?
Uoioo.
THE DEFKN'CJCS OF Clf AlCLKflTOX.
A recent refugee from Charleston, who Is welt known
by eminent gentlemeu here, states that tha city aud har
bor ha-: all the defence that tha best engineering ability
can devise. There hns been ample tin*lor the purpose,
and be regards the city as impregnable. Tha fact mav
or may net be tmportant. for artar all tha sensation
st or lea in abolition journals, that tha city is already bom
harden, and tbat it ia to bo tbo point of auack, It is bv no
mean, certain that such a thing is ,n the government
budget. It would be refreshing to know tbat Uie rebels
f?r moe' and * "fishing blow should
fall upon a place or places leea fortmed, and batter aituat
ed Tor open log trade with the Interior.
. EXPKDITIO.N TO TKXAS.
''en- Hamiltou. Military Governor of Texas, is endeavor,
log to organize an expedition to tbat State, ano will confer
with several Governors apon the matter, at the surge,
tiou oi the President and Secretary of War. The govern
ment aia alive to the importance of maintaining a corns
of observation in Texas, in view of tha movements ot the
French in Mexico, Gen. Slgel, who hi* been induced-o
withdraw his resignation, ha? been urged by his friends
to apply for tb<_eomtuand of the expedition.
TUB ARMV.
''apt. C. M I.evy, Aw staut Quartermaster, a native ot
?uib aroltna, was assigned to duly to day as Quarter
master of tne defences of Washington north of the
1 otomar.
flrigadter General Stahl reported ror dutv to dav in
comnland of the entire cavalry rorca or tha defences or
Wa?bingion.
i.lcutanant i'olonet Kretchsmar, who w is dismissed the
:r;'-:or Hbs<'n,'e wHhaui ??
i n 10 war'was formerly United States Tor.
fcul at , nlermo. Vaasau and Aix la Chaiwlle.
I.leuteuanl Colonel Myers. Chlafof Transportation ha
been appoints Chief Quartermaster of ,j#Dcr.| ,w.
detriment. Me left yesterday.
THF BAKN'hY |f,r.r. (A*K.
The late important decision by our Circuit Court in the
Harney w,l, ,?.e bids fair to go for nothing, a. it was not
madintha office of the Organ's Uonrt, who.-e decision ,,
re t-rsed until ?Iter uM court was fu?r?? ofi-U by tiie
set of Congrosa .,?d?c Carter haa adding,y arreted
ror the nme being the proceedings under said decision.
,rt ?"?)? Proceedings has lw? ||,ed by the
adverse partv. which Judge IWII, of the Orphan',
Court, fnstains
<<KNKI<AI, KIIKMONT.
Great grief in Indulged la by some franti. fanatic* on
account or the miscarriage of General Fri-mont in getting
anmli'-r high command. It ia reported, as a remark of
the l're>-i<lent, tlmt "Fremont wa.? never yet known to
lu\s obeyed a > otiiminil."
THK 9TREKT PA-Sf.NOKK HAII.HOAII TRAFFIC.
The Washington Street Passenger Hallroad Corapany
havo cleared six por cent on their full capital stock
already, though they have had their road In running
order but a few in "nth.*. Their Cull capital ha* not yet
been expended.
THIt ACCOt'NTH OP F ATM ALTERS,
The examination of the accounts of paymaster* reveii
the fact that in many cases payment* unauthorized by
law have been made, and the irregularities of this aort
will aerfo isly affect the boodsmsn of many |taymaater?
GKNKRAL HEINTZKI.MAN OOINO TO MtMROURI*
It ia stated confidently in military circles hers to
night that tioneral Helnt*e1mau will adenine the command
thai had ben aaalgned to General Sufainer, and supersede
General i'urtia in Missouri.
RESTRICTION OP FCRI.Ot'ORA.
The number at effloers at present here on furlough is
cow unusually small. Of all the orders Issued by <Jen
Hooker nose has beeo mora pr<4uctlve of good result*
than that which reatrlct* furloughs t* officer* of regi
ment* not up to the requirements of lb* service.
TBI OATH OP ALLMIIANCI TO LAWTBRB.
Jn?li? oiin, of the newly created District Cowl, Is re
ported to have declared his intention to inaiat upon an
oath of allegiance from each practitioner before the Court.
If ih,r. is so. It will cause coosidsrable fluttering among
the legal gentry here, msny of whom are known to sfm
pstkie with the rebels.
Tha Prlv strrr florid* at Rsrhsdoi.
Captain l"armelee of hark N. H. Gaston, irom I'ort
.Hpain, Trlotdad, wlileh arrived at thl* port ye*ter<1vy
morning, reporta that the privateer Florida arrived at
Raibados Fobmary 33, and after taking In mal sailed
again on the 3-1 th. She had taken no new prize* since
IJle ship Jacob Bell
It'SK** or Kx-CoHfWot.ta* Raw*.?Mr. flaws, u><>
late Comptrot'er, wu aetsad with an attack of apoplexy
<M 'r rtdag evening, and has been Hog ia a very dau
(?rout t?o4itlon trsv also*.
The Hew York VulunItem.
PROMOTION*.
Apnoinunoou of field null ?rs iu the New York State
Vol iiiuwra muco Mm ell I, 1863 ?
Fourth regiment- P. A lindaay, l.ioulcnant Colonel
Augustus,!. Warner, Major
liltietb regiment?KUninnd O. Boors, Major
Hfty-mnlh regiment?W'ju Worthedse Oolonel Mar
A. 1 hwdtiaiii, I.icuu'ijiui.
>?veu y ninth :<-*.n^BW Morruon, Cotouel J oho
More. Lisa tenant Uid|^>Wiii MnKuo, M l,or
ugbly fourth rei^^^B?Robert II. Jordan, Major
One Hundred ai^Mrhird regiment ?Beni. King dd,
Olaeel. ?
Ono Hundred aud Kighth 1 eg went?(1r?g J. Powers,
Oitonel; Kruucis E. Pierce, Lieutenant Colonel Harmon S.
MUkehixiia. ,\lu nr.
<>ne Hundred aud Thirty-fou. lb rc.;in.ent?Allan H.
J.11 K8*>n, Liouteniot t'olouol; Kdwird W. (ir?n?t, Major
one Hundred and Forty flrkt regiment-,John W Dittia
ny, Colonel.
One Hundred and Forty ninth regiment?Abel G. Cook,
l ieutenant Colonel, Chariot; B. Kaudall Major.
Ihird cavalry?Geo. W. lewis, Liui|ieu<iut 1 olonel, G-o.
W. lole, Major
I lev mil artillery?Gubtavus A. I<e Hotkey, Colonel.
Uutted Stutas Sbar|i8h<N>tarH?Wm S. Rowland, Major.
Arizona la the Dt|iartmrnt of the ParlOr.
Gen. Halle, k has intormed Governor Gurley ami Judge
Goodwin that Arizona had been addad to tha Department
of the 1'aciflr, under Geu. Wright, and that a regiment
was being raiaed in California, which would bo sent there
at an early day. Tha farce* in the Territory are to be
under the commando! Gen. Weat, and will be aumcieutly
Urge to protect the Territory.
Storm at Portreaa Monroe.
tUutiaoaa. March *1? -8 A. M.
There ?u a great snow storm at Portree* Mouroe yea
' lerday. The steamer from there report* the aaow orer a
foot deep.
It to blowing heavily, with rain. Barometer M 4S0.
Thermometer 3T. Wiad northeast.
No disasters froaa tha storm are yat reported.
Via* Arts.
Picitixi?iIJ"?Seroral important sales ?/ pietu.ea are
announced to take place this week. On Tuesday snd
Wednesday evenings, at the Derby Gallery, 022 Broad
w,Ti BWzenich will dispose, by auction, of a large
assemblages oil paintings, both ancient and modern, in
eluding the Abltott collection, the well known Washing
ton series by a tea ma, Vernert's "Bay and Market of Rio
Janeiro," the curious historical painting by Flaletti of
Sir lenry Wotton's Kmbasay to Venice (time of James
the First), Boutelle's clever reproductions of Cole's '? Voy
age of l.lfe," aud a number of other American works by
Gignouz, Hart, Jnnea, Sonntag, Huntington, Couturier,
Inman.CaBbrty, White, Manzoni. Hall, Wenzlor, Nchlig,
i*/.irus, besides several fine copies of the old master*.'
On Thursday and Friday Mr. Leeds will sell, at the old
Duweldorl' Gallery, 548 Broadway, a collection of modern
pictures, belonging (o a well known Philadelphia connois
seur, and embracing specimeus by the following esteemed
Kuropeau artists:?lU?a Bouheur, E. Dubulc, Joe. Lies,
Carl Iiubner, Auguste Bonheur, Gerotne. Edouard Frere'
I.ambiuet, K. Verboekheven. Van Scliende:, Patrois, Hen'
riette Konner, Wm. Sliayer.Sr.: Laurent de Beul. H. von
Seben, Aclienbach, Scblosinger, Kriiseman, De Noter. Van
Hamnae. Leyckert, Akkersdyke. Musiu, Meadows, Stroe
hel, Stache and others.
The Prfxe Ring.
MATCH FOR ONE THOUSAND DOLLAKB A 8IDB?TBK
CONTESTANTS IK TAAINIMO.
The preliminaries of the great prize fight batwocu Mike
McCool and Joe Coburn,for one thousand dollars aside,
have been Retlled. McCool has just arrived in town, aud
for the present goue into training nuarte-s at Iyong Island.
It has not yet been definitely settled where Coburti will
take his breathings ? but probably at some place near the
city. McCool will return to Cincinnati nfter his benefit,
which takes place on Wednesday nijrht, at Mozart Hall, to
finish his traiulug. Cnbiirn will see his antag nist for the
first time ut this benefit The light takes place in Canada
ou the first Tuesrtav in May; but the exact locality has
uot jet been determined.
Wrssti wi Match ior J.'iOO a t-'n>K.?Tbe dialling? sent
to Harry Hill, by Mr. Aiusworth, champion wrestler of
America, Tor a match for $600 a side, has been acceptod
by the former. The preliminaries were settled last even
ing, at Harry lllll s hxchan^e. The match is to come oil'
iu four wuckH?collar and elbow bold?and is to be de
cided 011 the iirst throw. The nlsce has not yet been
agreed upon.and tho parties are yet to meet and toss for
a choice between New York and New Haven. Mr ilill
wishes it uuderslood that,"win or lose,-'he will, under
no circumstances whatever, roceive another challenge to
wrestle with any otic.
Coronrra* Inqnrsta.
T?? Washington Stmcst Homioiok.?The inque-t in
the case of John Kane, the sailor who was fatally
stabbed by Garrett laundress, at No. 26 Washing
ton street, on Thursday night, was concluded yester
day by Coroner Wlldey. The evidence substantiated
what has already been published in relation to the
aflalr. A post mortem examination of the body, made
by Drs. Weltje and Bouton. showed that tho fatal wound
was Ave inches in depth, penetrating the liver. The jury
rendered a verdict of "Death from exhaustion from
hemorrhage, tha result of atabs at the hands of Garreu
I .sundress. ?* The accused was committed to the Tombs
to await the action of tha Grand .Furjr.
Pallcc Intelligence.
Comibmwts IN TH? MiRxnt?Well executed counter
feit "fives" oh tlie Bridgeport Bank of Connecticut and
the Merchants'Bank of Albany were extensively circu
ated 10 this city vesterday. The pohoe were Instructed
to give the usual warning to shopkeepers aud othera.
Personal In?elllVenrr.
Hon. Samuel tt. Daily , delegate in Congress for Nebras
ka, was serenaded at his room in Washington, on the 10th
inst , by the band of the One Hundred and Sixty ninth
New york Vatuotee^. Mr. Daily, in re>,ponae, appeared
and taudered his thanks for the i:ompliment, and made a
very felicitous speech.
Major Genera) McDowell and wi'a. with the following
officers 01 bit. stair, arrived at Mt. l.ouia on the 17th m?t
swswsis-af-j- "?w- q""us j
Cotoiei K. Bin-hard. Captain Geor?e a. Flag*. Lieut. T..
A. Davis and I.ieut. J. K. Field, of tbe United States Ar
my ; h. I>. Jordan,of Boaton. and J. F. llarstow of Call
fornla. are stopping at the Metropolitan Hotel. '
C.J. Anthony. 01 Worcester G. H. Wilder, of Galves
; Norw"-ofatoton Island, and .1. L. Mos-, of
I.node island, are stopping at the < larendon Hotel.
t'aiitam Robertson and Captain (irltfing.of tbe United
?Mates Army; J. bn Kerguson and wile, and Mra Judali
.uid tamilv.of San Francisco- A. Joseph of Montreal a.
Vietnam and wife, of McGregor. Iowa John A. Burn ham
and wife aud Mrs. Dodge, ol Boston. are stopping at the
Kverett House. ' ?
Cuiint Pt|ier, Swedish Minister to the United Stales
Mr. Pi ado. Secretary to tbe Swe?l.sh legation: Hon. c
? richton. 01 Knglund. Major F_ M. Hunt, of tbe United
Wales Kngmaers; Colonel riaclio. of Washington C J
Herbert, of the Croiiad.er Guards, British Army |). M.
Stanmn anil .1. M. < adman, of Boston, aud J. Whipple ef
I'rov idenci;, are stor.ping at the Hrevi>ort House. '
General Naglee. 01 th? I nno.I State.-- Army, General
. ingleioti or Illinois. Colonel Classoti, of the oue Hundred
Iu '.hl.r.!v regiment New Vork \ oliinteera Hon
Alfred My, of Itocb'sier ex Governor Halle, ot New
Mimpslurc t^ptaii, Hilcbiags W. B. Klayter. Richard
Watt and D. W. Kvans ol Kiu land Dr. Parsons, of Pro
Retire and Edward Taylor, of St. Iflms, are stopping at '
thaM Nicholas Hotel. r *
Hon. Jolin WoodrnlT, of Oonnecticut Col. Allen, J P
?litter, and J Fieldeo, 01 lVwton Capt. Jack Kldridge, of
w V?'J M I/..lis W. (i. Weed, of AI
bmv H. Morgan...: Aurora II. Whliakor.of Norwich
V.I r,.'!2e,w H:,Ton Dr. Jones, ef Washington: o
Allen, of Pulfalo and J. P. Stoddard, of Syracuse are
stopping at the Astor House. '
Arrival* and Departure*.
ARKIVAI.?.
Utrrnrooi,?Rteainahlp Kdinbnre?Matilda Tuin'-r. Mr
mill Mn 1-ri kPllnii Mr an' Mr* M< K< au, and t?rn children.
Mr ami Mr* rank i, and i-bild, K J Ueiander Mr Hot tep
O Vadle Mr ('oakley, II !??mih", Hi urge Pen-it, .Urn**
Hmlili<-iinnk, K ti R nrk', RA Raplaait. 1'apiam i nltli
dpmi, tieorp" M?on, Mi Vila!*, AW't B il M T llamlH T
llarriMin. Mr Cfcalaetieltie*, IjOmi* 8"nna< i'L Oni rni#>an,
II Mayer. Jaini'a I'larkaon. Allan C lla)*?aid 194 Ir. tlie
?I -age
lltvim?HlfUiihlp Brlilah Qnoi-a?Mr and Mr* I
Talr.ni. Miaa F Tal. of MimAIIi-ii ?i><Ii.II Kn.r A M
M.mlt* K S WiiiflioD, 'M Rnbfn*on. Chai Cmmt, K Rarinn
and ?i r>?nt, W A l'ar?y. A I. Dibble. L M*yp( Mr ami Mr?
Mon het and three''hlldren, Mr* Aa on I'-. Ml*? * Allr.H.
.1 McllnaM H MrClary Jame* l^rratie!. .1 1. IIM
San-. K rillainll. T Sortoa A II d*l V*:|e, b Atobel. tV O
Pn.iliu'n, .1 H Biownina, D Lord .1 Hag-man T C Aym/t.
Cainaiii Oiani. Mi aad Mr* J l^on, V L on. .1 fara'anda/,
J M'llma. C Channcr? C L?n<", J Fa laca. II 8 I,ov. rl?- ,
Cap? 8 Whiting, .1 William*, H Cirtnrll, J I'alma, Mr Fp.nk
Hn W Tavlor. Mi Wannon. .1 K Murphy, Thai llarria,
I, f Halht-iaudl, (I () William*, .1 Thomai. M Collmi J
M'UTi*. K II Amlreaa. 8 H?y<lrn. ?m *al> Oapt Darldow,
M. Wll*nn, J Bu?htiy, O'n hhiaa. file deck pa*?'i,geit (en
dl?trewed ?e*men?l"otil |ia**?nrer>
DKPAKTt'RRR.
Linarnoi ? rfiramahlp City nl BaHnaon ? R.-? Juki
O Oorman, Mr* 8 A Lp wli M ? I'ai ?ei. M n* (M'onnur, lifo
W Ciirtla, Httorv IT ClaMiip .Imnn || McCrtllta, Krr M I,
Mcllra'h, M Tnbtn. .Inhn Ml ? hell. II K H'lin vk?. Major
Aukh-i"? Ra?lin?a .1 (7 Mayer TIk?t?i* Millla, Daniel
Rmlg'ni, M I F*?*in, Jonathan R tiriham, T L?on. i R
Bradford. Edward carray. wi|V and PhIM, ("apt ll'iuant
Rm J R \?aght"o,J K Wood, Mi ??har In and Urty. P O Con
nor. A II Cnnnlngham. Rlitner Hiart^-k. .lohn lorfiiker,
R I al'-oii. B Ramaiane. R.'phae' Wa,| Mnn* Weil?and
other* in the ?t?er**c rip < le |IW,1|(I
II***n*e?st??in?hip Tentonla-Mi Rl*m 1 n, Naw Or
Iran*. Ml anil Mr* Ukiekllli a'nl tin,II* ? Voik. t Me'
tier* and Mi Arhulir, Mailm; Mr a'it Mi* llaMy i o'liintma,
Mr and Mr* Brann, rnor rhil lren**nd ?. rvan> Canada; Mr
Miiiel. Hi * Turk. B Hit !? brand, at l,oui?. -Mr and Mr* km
darn ann and intani, .New Orleana: II l.n er* H"aton: M
Rphramm, S?* Orl?an? .le.?n .1 Baill?, do; Mi Bardlln*.
Ionia Mar ?a*oliiK Loularill' ; Mi and Mr* Bielnbarh and In'
tani, Bali m ir". wllh Ferdi, Thoeti 1'rohweln, Mr* M "a,
Mr* Amalln W>it**"liel and rn'M, Jnaeplitiie If Hurt,
.1 M K"lil**?t. N"? York.-Lo il* BiUfolar. Iiu'y?and oine?a
In the ?iperagi*. Tolal 7A
MiiH'iiun Citt. N O.a^n I'nar Kara ,9 c?BiPamT
Marr Sanfnrd?Mr* .1 B Bieeke and dangbfr. Brook in ?l
N llajaaril, .1 0 II ncliman, Tiaif, hugpr.e B> rn,
Man 1 l*arr"lt and wife, Bar .Inhn Kimhall. Pnl S II M i an 1
W'ii Canlipid. >'?* IToi k K l?rt Hortoo, Willlatn*lnirij
,Mar*/iall Brooklyn; Ohaiwi 0 Fuller, Of Chlpman, I* I'
Mann and .1 H Oodinan, Boaton. Maa*. 8 Adam* and T L
Merrill. Maine. A Kin* Blrge Brldg-port. CI; EO P.?k
Hirmtngham. t't: Up? ward, O Wliana ami Dr I t Wi'd,
N'waik. N .1. Dr II A Johnann C'li ago, 111; U I II HrCoy,
l)oyle*to?n. I'a
llavaai?Sleamahip Mallla?Q A Fuller, Mr Held, John II
gfcaw J Y Jiiimm, Ui-orge M Wilder. Win r Hn.allay, Jame*
K Ford, Mtat OaroUne R ll?ltvQtori* T?im(, 0 Kaptuola.
AMkBiMhr,
Major Geaeral Edwiu Vom Smuuor,
United States Army
gTKAOUia, lurch 21,1H03
Malor General F: V. Sumner. 1'aited State* Array, <*
pircd at tbe residence olb? sou iu law, Ooonel W. W
Teall, in thin citjr, this nioruing. at fifteen minutes past
one o'clock, of congestion of the lunge, after an tUiues
only livr dajs
The death ot this veteran soldier ha? cast a pell ot
gloom over the entire city, and the deep sorrow of oss
cilicune is everywhere risible.
The places of business are all heavily draped .u newira
ing, and tbe national flag hangs at h.vf nust In every pari
of tbe city. Tim General was under orders to report at
St. Ijouii for duty, and was on tbe point of starting ?kM
attacked by Ihe diaease which has terminated iatally.
lu the death of M:uor General Sumner the country will
muuru the loss ol one of her bravest and moat patriotic
deendera.
He was one of the oldest een-rala in the army, bavlag
been to the service over forty four years The last worda
?f tbe veteran hero were, "God save my country?tha
United State* of America." His funeral will proMM?
take place on Tuesday next
Sketch of Major Vmeral lanaer.
Ma/ir General F-dwia Vose Sumner, whose death wo
hare this day to record, was a native of Boeton, Maasa
chuaelts. and was about sixty-eeven years of age whanhe
died. At tho tune ha was appointed te Mm United ?tataa
regular army he was a resident of this Stat a, being a dry
goods naerchaat la Troy, and his appointment 1a thsea
rore debited to New York. Ha entered the eerno*
throagh the iugueaoeof General Hrewn, of t*.? war of
1812, aa a second lieutenant of ftp 8eooo4 United
States iufantry, on tbe W of March, tfll. Therefore he
serve! his country over forty-four years, with great
credit to It and to himself, la July, 1821, he waa pro
moted to a first lieutenancy of the same regiment, sad,
after remaining in it nearly four years, was taken froaa
tbe line and appointed an assistant commissary of aao
sistence in June, 1827. Ia March, 1838, be waa traaa
ferred to the cavalry- service, with the rank of capttfn of
dragoons, and commanded a squadron.
HIS KAHI.T MtOVTm SBSVIOSS.
The foregoing promotions were awarded during the
time he was employed on tbe Western frontier, in wfcMb
service he was engaged from the year 1810 to 1846. la
tbe course of his many expeditions in this region ha en
quired a knowledge of the habits, character and modeaf
warfare of thejiredalory tribes east or the Rocky Mnoa
tains that was unequalled, and at the aamo time waa of
tha greatest value to bim and to tbe service. His squad
ron of cavalry were noted during the latter part of tka
Interval quoted above for their daring dashes and narrow
escapes.
ma hxxican antvicss.
When the Mexican war broke out he accom|?nlsd tha
expedition to New Mexico as commander of bis regiment;
hut being, on the .".0th of June, 1846, promoted to the paat
of major of tbe Second dragoons, tben in Mexico, uadsr
Colonel Harney, he started to join them. He was mat at
New Orleans by an order from General Scott aligning
him to the command of the regiment of Mounted Riflsa.
This selection, though highly complimentary to Major
."umnor, involved an immense amount of labor. Tha
larger j<ai t of both oflicers and men were entirely ijao
rant ol their profession. but, thanks to tbe skill and ua
tlring energy of Major Sumuer, they attained a degree of
excellence which made tbe corps one of the most edioeot
in the army.
At Ihe battle of Ccrro Gordo, while leading tbe RiSss,
on the 17th of April, 1847, lie war wounded in the beatf
by a musket hat!, hut in a law days wa' able to resume
hU duties. For his gallantry and meritorious conduct oa
this occasion he was breveted a lieutenant colonel of tha
United States regular army, * itli rank dating from April
18,1*47. In HueHIa he war appoiuted to the command of
his own regiment {the Second dragoons), Colonel Harney
having been placed in charge of a brigade. During the
campaign in the valley of Mexico he waa constantly in tha'
suidle, and bore a most conspicuous part. Whfa tha
battle of Chcrubusco seemed to be going against our arm
he led the Rifles in a most gallant manner in an attack oa
the enemy, which decided the fate of tbe day. At Molina
del Rey he was ordered to drlveofTa large body of ca
valry which waa endeavoring to outflank Worth's divi
sion, to which he then belonged, To do this be wsa
obliged to brave tbe Are of some thousands of ths seen fa
infantry, by which nearly one-half ol his men aad heraaa
wore disabled. With only about two handrad msa tan,
be dashed at the lancers, and sent them flying In attar
confusion, to return do more that day. A more dsspsrat*
and dashing charge was never made. For his ooadaot
ia tbis battle he was breveted colonel, with raak datlag
from September 8. 1847. Both these brevets were
awarded in July, 1848, and on the 13th of thsl snath ha
wsa made a full lieutenant colonel, aad appointed to the
First regiment of United States dragoons. After ths wsr
he wss appointed to the command of the Dspartaasal oi
New Mexico.
HB VHITU IBAN(? AHT> IAW NirOt.lt0*.
Id 1864 he was soot to Europe on official bu>iaeea, an*
at a presentation or frweigners by tbeir respective min
isters attracted Uie attention of I<ouia Napoleon by hta
soldierly look. The Emperor, after a long conversation,
aod learning bla errand, promised him every facdity,
and gave bim a letter requiring all olttoara ot the French
army to give bim any information be aright desire
RB AGAIN WBKT WEBT.
When he returned from France the United Stales araay
was reorganised, and on the 3d or March, 18i&,hawaa
promoted to the colonelcy of the First cavalry, one of tha
new regular regiments, and tcrvtxl in the West agalaat
the Indians. He commanded the expedition against, an4
became distinguished tn defeating, a band of three hun
dred i he)enne warriors, posted for the battle An Boia
mon's Fork, of Kansas, on the 2tfth ot July, 1&67. 'Homo
rivalry existed between Harney and Suruner?tlieformor
colonel of the Second dragoons, and the latter colonel of
the First cavalry?relative to the respective capacities of
each Individual command, and Harney tried to injara
Sumner's reputation tor eourage. In this, however, ha
Digitally tailed, and the former had to take refuge under
the protecting wing of ex Secretary of War and doufeia
distilled traitor Floyd. .
TUB KANSAS TBOrstKM.
It was during this time that the Kansas troubles broke
out. He then (18">fl) being in command of Fort faavea
worth, Kai.s.is, Uie lxirdor rudlans found in his Ormoeaa
and energy au insurmountable obstacle to their ptana.
He is t>aid to have broken up one of the State conven
tions by military power, when he found it was likely to
laa<* to riot and bloodshed. Colonel Sumner's humane
di-position and kmdnc.-s to the sufferers during tbeaa
troubles are btill remembered with a lively degree ef
yratltndc by the people of that state. His conduct, how
ever, did uot please the then Seiretaiy of War and pra
seutycb rebel .>fl. Davis, and he wax removed from tba
I command of tbnt district, and took the field, as oefora
siated. againm the (Jheyennu Indiana.
lOMlUMiBR or Tiir we<int> iiBraltTifKSf.
In ISitt Colonel Sumner was appoiuted to the commaad
of the liepartment of the 'Vest. with hl? headquarters at
PI. Louis At this lime Missouri had become somewhat
quiet again attnr the decision of the Ored Scott caae ao*
ibe settlement of the Kausas troubles But the spirit of
discord was but latent, not suppressed, and burst eat
agiin at the commencement of tbo rebellion, Colooel
Sumner therefore waa enabled during hla term to admi
nister the dutiee of the department with a greater degree
of ease than has been exH'l*Dred for some time pre- *
v ions
as aonar*.MH r?i?ii.?rrr usnoL* to wasumutob. **(
When Mr. l.incoln was elected President of the Unite*
Sistes Kellers! Scott, then Uenersl la-Chief of the Unite*
States Army, selected Colonel Samaer to act aaaaaaf
tbe representatives ef tbo military power <* the couatry.
When the cortege i*ssed throagh thie eity Coloael Sei
ner rede lu tbe same carriage with tbe President elect,
end it wss particularly remarked at the time that, a?*
?ithataiidiug his age, "bts figure was erect as ever, aM
his .'acuities, physical and mental, appeared * bo totally
unimr*hed?the reeull of an active, temperete life At
this time, snd for ovar two year' previonely. he had be*?
the senior colonel of Unltel State* cavalry, reeking the
famous Albert Sydney Johnston, sioce ef rebel eerviee.
rwaorm TC a kb.#iab saav P an;* diss ubsbsa -^est to
cHiroaxiA
Gen t?rig?? having become a traitor-giving Into tha
hands f the eo-mies of lbs rmed State, a portion of tha
,rmv under his oowiuand-and hav.n? been igi.ominlo.ialf
.tlnnweed from the Halted states service, Colonel Homeer
was pro met el to a brigadier generalship o( the regular
army In bte stasd rltb a commission dating from March
18. )$A1. tbi' promotion was awarded directly aftw
II a attack on Fort demler. At thui time there wee eonsa
proepaet of trouble lu the Hepa tment of the Pacitc,
through the apparent tree eon of Albert Sydney
tohnston. then comtnamtaMf that department, la*
Gen Sumoar was teat jut WW* rraocec J to take tha