EUROPEAN NEWS
Tbi steamship City of Ba.titnure reached tbii port from
I.'ie?ust jwu yesterday rajrnmg, brm<lag iale<r?pb o
jews report* date: to the 7th of March?one d?r later.
At toe Paatab elections iu Copenhagen lb* war caadi
dataa were retaraed is every instance. A leading paper
or Norway censures tUc policy of Denmark, and expresses
? doubt whether th > Norwegians abould be asked to par
ticipate ari rely to the war. Tbe Aostrian troops bad
arrived bo''re Puppel. Tbe districts of Scbleswig not
olc ipied by tbe AustroFrusiian army elected members
to tbe Danish Le?.s tiure Tbree i'ruaaiaa war ebips bad
t>?"a ordered lo leave the port of Brest, Franca, whare
I boy bad been stationed, nl proceed north R uv% bad
proclaimed tb: emancipation of tbe i-easauts In tbe atreeis
of Warsaw
Maxtu liaa was at tb?Tai!er preparing to set out for
I.oodia After hi? visit to Q u-sa V.cnria be will return
to Uiramar. ra;eive tbe Mexican deputation, aca iben !
leave for Met.1.0. It is said tbat be will be accompanied
t>y ex-eoat* Uwia, of Californa. wbo will act as a aort of
cunsell >r t ? tbe tbron* Dr. (iwin, it li *aid, recom
tseods to tbe rebel gavcrnmcnl to c>.de thu t'tate of Texas
t > Mexico Tbe Pari: P-tyt descr bee tbe h'nglisb govern
men I a* the I'ont.us Vilate of pilltic*, having no otber
part to puy "thai (? wuli its bands, do matter wbat
bappens '
It u one ml that tbs I'rioee of Wato" infant ion was
Btto with a dffjra ty, I svinj on'v three lingers jo one
of bt* bin U
CONGRESS.
Tbe Senate wee not tn session yesterday. nsvlcg on
Friday adjourned over 1:11 Monday.
A b-ie' seesioc "f tbe Hj hc wai held for general de
bate Metara Arnold, of II isota ?WOioe.or Iowa, and
Wilder, of Ktnwi, made speeches on the war and slavery,
aai Iben the Rouse adjournal.
THE LEOISLSTUBI.
Tbe Stats Senate yesterday transacted aueb business;
bat ?->et of it wis cf an unimportant character. Tbe
L'nno Trttel Coopaoy bill wax debated for a considerable
while, and unal.v paaaed Tbs bill to regulat* tbe lass
lag if the jwi and wtjsrves in this city was dtscusMd
for ?time in Cob mil lee jf tbe Whole. ari?r which
(be enacting c?a-?s* ?ae #t->cKen out The Lena's held
an execut ve aeeew, ic which tbe Govortor s nomination
of Dr Swinburne an Hea.tb 'MBcor of ibis port, to super
sede Dr Cuno, waa uoan mousy con3rmed.
In tb? Asaorabty tbe bill to r?(nlate the Rudsm P.ivsr
Railroad freight lar.J *u ordered to a third reading.
Tbe Eleventh Avecns ant Hioimiaglale Railroad bill,
wbicb bad rs-ietved ai alv>rsu rap,ft #a tt>e previous
day. was again ta*en op. reoonstdtred and *??i back lo
<bc Railro d Committee Among a number o( measures
reported lo the f'.oose from tbe Stsoling Committee*
were bills lo Isgai ta tbe t ?ym oi by town* tad
cmi.Ii** of cvaniutcn for drafted men relative
(o the Hew York Department A Charities and
Correct >o tb* Annuii t'uppiy bill, and a bill
t anssd the M-trofvi tan Police a.I Tbs latter w is
repJfled alve-sely Bills were tntr >duc*d (of tbe meor
poritioo of th C lei States and E tropean 1'iwsfs and
fasa-wiger -te*tii?li v Comp?y . to protilSlt Ibe pub I lea
tiia by oeuij tpers of lottery 'rawings, and to render
We.-*' tbe re ?val or in ters oy gas tx>mpanies. exrept
upja t'i > relaro by tb* ; r 'p <r ? t:cer that a udgmeoi for
th- vai no'fa*fartislied has Veen ret'irnrl unsatisfied
Tbe m?, ?r u r<; jri o' tbe ' ma' a <ard, in favor of an en
lariis n? it o< t .? ?rals, was received aoJ ordored to bs
prmtel
MISCELLANEOUS news.
Tbesteimnf HtvaM, ft <td Vsw ur aMl, a?1 Havana
Jttb mat , arrive 1 av th.s ? >rt yoiterdaf. The mws
from Havana I* Dot of g- t> ortan^i;. front Mexico
tbe re la l.uie or n ablu , ?, ??, le iHjn?ii;p; we
Iwra tbat tbe insurgecti art ' W a tuaily mak .? war
oi >rc afsmfl the trait <r sir.Uaathtn .... t?g
goreroai?nt lue leaders <' tbe rebe'n u. utva <? vpre^wd
tbeir d?*ire tJ receive Ibeir r>rme- Pre lcut, pj-./ tn(]
tben to c iibe lo terms. but there is atit a air g , .rty
opp<wd to tbiS Idet, and tberofore thu ?lnlit gj - on la
tbe msaaume it 14 the general opinion, vary littlb rred
1 te 1 tbat tbs Spanisb irnops will s ?oo ho ei'tl H#n
from tbe island To Pur??r (tierMl, of the Havana, we
bava to rblura our siucers Ibiuks for his usual | ro<npt
oea? and kiedaee* n forwardiog our paektgoa.
r,nb ^MifDi |(Mii. *e iiivi dim of ^be Otti
Mtt.itnhl to Uie 91 b of Mmrf Tbe bow* m pond
IMiiy of a1 >r?i ch*r*< ter, mtorsporaeJ with lengthy dls
aerlaUtme ou tbe inapeudmit cixillicl mi Europe, home of
i be papers ||M doroifl tlUoliiMi to lln r(Wlw* t? Am
rtra, bui without etpro-tsiug any positive opinion. AM
with that Ite *tr May si?e<lily end the mirktU ?f Rio
Jui'irii were rather dull aod ioaottve.
A letter dated llansanilla. February It, say* that
Hutted Slate* Ootwul Blake, who recently killed au Anion
cm sailor who bad departed from the United State*
?toatner sagiuaw, was triad at Ooloma aod convicted of
murder, and MlMMd to l*e ahot. Before the day for
tbe executiju arrired, however, Blake escaped from
OTIS'HI.
Tbe Councilman ra n at one o'clock yesterday, Proal
deJt Hayes la the chair. The report or the Committee
on Finance on the tax levy for the preaent year was
liken up by section* aod adopted. On motion of Ur.
Jaqusa, tbe sum of $40,000 fur tbe preparation of a parade
ground aud the sum of $33,000 for tbe purchase of Clark
Mill*' colossal statue of General Jackson were botfcwtncx
en out With those ameudmeota, the ordinance, a* sub
mittei by the committee, was adopted, by a vole of
twenty-one in the affirmative to two in tbe oegative The
ordinance adopted by the Councilman exceed* in amount
tbe one from tbe Aldermen by$69,97S The Comptroller?.
estimates are $4 990.9TB, tbe Aldermen's, $5,602,066, the
Councilman's, $6,1(91,944.
In Now Orleans an elect inn will be held on Monday, the
28th instant, for the choice or delegate* to a convention
to be bold for tbe revision and amondment of tbe cooatl
tut ion o( louiaiana. in the order calling the amotion,
sectiou 4 savs "It is desirable that all persons pro
perljr qualified shall vote, but it Is more important that
tbe integrity of the election shall not be violated by il
legal or fraudulent acta." The delegates duly elected
shall meet at Liberty Hall Kxecutive Building*, in the
city of New Orleaus, at twelve o'clock M., oo WodnosJa.v,
the 6ih of April
Tbe case of tbe United State* against Henry C Sorran
sen, Kvan ftdwarda and Willi im .Smith, charged with tbo
murder of Chi. lea Courlotte, mate of tbe Lone Star, on
the 31 of September last, while on a voyage rrom Ran
goon to Falmouth, via St. Helena, wis yesterday brought
to a close, after three days' continuous trial. The testI
ui jay throughout was but inferential a3 to the act and
tbe motive of the allogod crime, though one of the ac
cusel, to a oertain extent, admitted bis complicity witb
the others implicated. On the part or the defence
generally It was coatended that ths admission
was extorted under terror and dread; and it was rurther
proved, as is too often the case, that unnecessary harshness
wss use I towards the crew. Hon. George M Curtis,
counsel for the defendant Smith, addressed the jury in
behalf of bis client iu a very able and ingenuous speech,
Mr !*biilips being counsel for Sorransen and Edwards
Judge Shipmau, at Ave o'clock, closed the summing up,
and after two hours' deliberation the ,ury returned with
a verdict of not guilty as to William Smith, and guilty of
manslaughter as against Sorranseu and Edwards Tbe
District Attorney, C Delafie'.d !*roilb, appeared for tbe
government.
The important case or William Coleman aod Catherine
Mulligan against tbe Second Avonuo Railroad Company
was a^ain up yesterday iu the Supreme C jurt From the
evileoce taken before Judge Bxiney, lo whom tbe case
bad been referred it appeared that on tbe 15th or De
cember, 1852, tbe Corporation of New York granted to
Deuton l'earsall and others a franchise to construct ths
Second Avenue Railroad, that on tbe 25tb of January,
1H63, tbe company was organised, and that on the 15th
of November, 1355, tbe grantees sold the franchise to the
company for $200,000, oo which tbe plaiuiiOfe rested.
Tbe defendants moved tor a dismissal of tbe complaint,
contending that the decision of the motion would virtually
decide tbe oase Judge Bonney denied tbe motion Ex
Judges A. A. Thompson sal Edmonds for plan ti ITS, ex
Judge siosson and Messrs. Sciieil, Fullorton & 1'latt lor d?
fendauts.
Cold was duil reaierdiy and the sales more tbau uau
ally light, at quotations ranging between 161 H aod 162si.
Stocks were ir'egular but not weak.aad prices ia tbe
alter noon were well sustained. Government securities
res irned their former Qrtnnese under the Influence of a
more lively demand.
There was not much activity In business circles on Sat
urday . but there waa a good doal of buoyancy neverthe
less, and the sale* reported were generally at full prlcea.
Tbe high quotations of gold and roroign exchange pre
vent any decline la imported goods. but domestic pro
due* waa irregular. Petroleum was dull for re Sued,
winch was Ic a 2c lower Cotton waa duil and heavy.
Military Hovementa-A Word of $sason?
? i?le Advice.
We received yesterday a despatch to the
Assocatei Press, from Cincinnati, giving infor
nation of certain army movements, wbieb,
thinking it might be useful to tbe enemy, we
have excluded from our columns. For tbe
same reason we decline assisting in tbe circula
tion of other rumors afloat touching the plans
and movements of General Grant. We adhere
to our established rule of carefully avoiding
any information calculated to embarrass our
generals or to give "aid and comfort" to their
adversaries.
Our newspaper contemporaries of this city?
and especially those professing a superior loy
alty to the Union oause^have been guilty of
frequent violations of the aforesaid rule. The
name charge will extensively apply to the re
publican party journals of tbe West. In good
faith we would now appeal to them all. and to the
telegraphic caterers for tbe Associated Press, to
exercise a careful discrimination, for a month
or two. as between legitimate and contraband
items of army news, and to tbe exclusion of all
items likely to be of service to tbe enemy. In
adopting (bis suggestion, instead of embarrass
ing tbe military movements of General Grant,
the public press may render bim valuable
assistance. It does not require the keen per
ception of a Philadelphia lawyer to detect the
difference between a telegram which announces,
lor instance, the departure of a federal squad
ron to attack Wilmington, and a report of a
movement into Kentucky by a cavalry column
from Longstreet's army. Our rale, which we
commend to oar contemporaries, East and West,
is, to publish all the news we can obtain of
tbe movements of the rebels for tbe informa
tion of the War Office, and to avoid any in
formation of movements on onr tide which may
be news to tbe enemy.
Tmt Truii;mb ano Fiixb Girw.?-The Tribune
has suddenly become the champion of tbe
victims of the watch and jewelry swindles
that now abound in tbe shape of free gifts,
Ac Now, why don't Greeley put in a word in
bebulf of those poor people who have been
deluded into subscribing for the Wtekly
TYibun* on protni^us of free gift (old pencils,
free gift mammoth strawberry plants and
other free gift huinb'igs? In the watoh and
jewelry swindles, whioh Greeley affects to de
notince, the victims are much better off than
those wbo are victimised into sub*eribing for
the W'teUy Ttib'me; for while In tbe one
c.tse they csn enjoy the reflection of being com
pletely and sweetly clrinod out. in the oth?r
they have tbe mortification of thinking that
they unist endure the infliction of reading
the papT, with all its Fourierism, false lights,
free love and ga1vanlx>*d squash philosophy,
with nil its nixgerism and miscegerution doc
trin?-*, for a whole twelvemonth. In one ca*e
the friu I is compar itively a pleisant Action,
in tbe oth?r it is s cruel and unnatural
punishment, and as such plainly indictable by
> 1 District Attorney A Oskor Hail
The Calm Before (he Btora?Ttir Com
lag CMpalge.
A dead calm prevail* around (he eoiire circle
of tbe rebellion ; bat it ia (be calm wbicb pre
cedes tbe darkening of tbe sky, (be crash of (he
elements, and tbe sweeping hurrtoaac Tbe
armies of tbe Union are mastering (beir force*
with the determination to bear down all ob
structions, while the leaders of tbe rebellion,
on every side, are desperately preparing for a
bloody resistance. A terrible struggle ia im
pending. If, in the pride of superior strength,
our soldiers await tbe order to advance, tbe
enemy, from bis very weakness, draws the fero
cious oourage of despair. Jeff. Davis and hi*
ruling associates have literally resolved to
succeed or to " die In tbe last ditch," white
they confess that all their forces and all tbeir
means will be involved in this coming cam
paign. If they are defeated, therefore, tbey are
destroyed ; but if not defeated, what tben *
Another year of war, with all tho hazard* to us
of financial embarrassments, foreign complica
tions, domestic discords and political con
fusion
We must, then, prepare to make sure And
deoisivo work of this campaign. Tbe national
treasury, tbe financial and business Interests
of tbe country, the unity of the loyal States,
1 and tbeir internal harmony, will hardly survive
failure. We have the men, and we have means
essential to completesuccess; but tbe task upon
wbicb we are about to outer, we repeat, will
be no holiday amusement. Our recent military
expeditions, reconnoiasaaces and raids bavc
shown tbat tbe rebels are armed and ready at all
points, from Richmond to Florida, from Dalton
to the northern frontier of Mississippi, and
theace down to Mobile It is, iudeed, sus
pected that Longstreet in the West, and Lee
in the East, are preparing for another, dash
across the northern border, each by way of a
diversion, and for tbe purpose of procuring
supplies. It would tbus appear tbat, although
General Lee's invasion of Pennsylvania cost
him forty thousand men, it still, in tbe matter
of profits and losses, left an inviting balance in
bis favor, or tliat dire necessity suggests an
other effort in tbe same direction.
In any event, it is manifest that necessity has
constrained Jeff. Davis to fight to the death for
Richmond and Virginia. General Lee and tbe
Virginia contingent of tbe rebel army will be
lost to tbe rebellion with the loss of tbeir Slate,
and Davis has bad to take his stand according
ly. In this view tbe importance of a strong and
vigilaut guard over Longstreet in East Tennes
see, and of an early movement against tbe rebel
army of Virginia, are of supreme importance.
As firmly as we believe tbat at this stage of the
war tbe rebellion will collapse and fall to
pieces with tbe loss of R cbmond. we believe
tbat Davis is gathering his forccs for a decisive
struggle for tbe defence of Richmond. We
shall not, therefore, be surprised, with no
general engagement in the interval, if Lee's
army, by tbe middle of May, is swelled to a
veteran host exceeding a bundred thousand
men, and for the purpose of defending Rich
mond by another offensive campaign.
Entertaining these views, we attach the high
est importance to tbe order of General Grant
which fixes his headquarters with the Army
of the Potomac." In tbe tenacity with which
Longstreet covers tbe western flank of Rich*
tnond, in East Tennessee, and in tbe vigilance
and enterprise lately exhibited by tbe rebels in
North Carolina, and ou tbe Peninsula and
around Norfolk, General Grant bas doubtless
comprehended tbeir designs, aqd tbat they call
for bis immediate attention with tbe Army of
the Potomac The peculiar feature of bis
strategy is to "move upon the enemy's works;"
sod ia good season after his return "to the
front" in Virginia we shall expect this strategy
to be tried again with bis usual success, simul
taneously with an advance by Geaeral Sherman
from Chattanooga.
But, whatever may be the developments of
the coming campaign, the appointmentof Gene
ral Grant to the command of all the armies
of the United States has given more satisfac
tion to the country than any other act of Con
gress or the administration since the beginning
of tbo war. The people of the loyal States
feel easy nod confident now tbat the manage
ment of the war is in the binds of this able,
energetic and victorious soldier. But still, in
contemplating the exhaustive efforts of the
tebel leaders to meet the comiag shock of
arms, we must be prepared for the most obsti
nate lighting on thair part since the war began.
Our federal and State authorities, our politi
cians aad the people of the loyal States, drop
ping the Presidential question for a season,
should now in every useful way devote their
eaergies and influences to strengthen the hands
of Geaeral Grant and the armies under bia
control. If the public mini is now diverted
from the momentous struggle before as in
the field of tbe war to the squabbles
of parties and factions over tbe spoils and plun
der of tbe next Presidency, tbe wants ef our
armies may be aeglected, and disasters, instead
ol victories, may follow
Providing tbe men and means to General
Grant, let our statesmen, politicians, officials and
people assist him first to administer a decisive
blow at the heart or the bead of the rebellion,
and then we shall have a fair field and a free
course for the Presidential campaign. As mat
ters now stand, the question who is to be our
next President* sinks into insignificance before
the great, oversbadowing question, what is to
be tbe issue of this coming struggle, upon which
tbe robe! leaders have staked their last man,
their last hope aad their last chance of success?
G tVBR*>R BaaMI.BTTS AMD Nkuro Rwlut
MkNfs in KKNTi'oar ?Governor Bramlette, tbe
loyal Governor of tbe loyal State of Ken
tucky, bai entered his protest against ths
attempt to press slaves into ths service
of the United States As a loyal State,
Kentucky has m much right to hsr slave
property at this time as she ever bad under
tbo constitution, and as officer under Lincoln,
or under any commanding (general in the ser
vice. baa no more right to go into Kentucky
and press negroes into tbo public service than
he bas to come here to N<;w York and at
tempt to do the same thing witb white men.
If n slave belonging to a 1 >yal master in Ken
tucky enlists without (lie master's consent the
laws of tbe State are suflicient to meet the case,
if executed, or tbe constitution and laws of the
United States can do it if appealed to. If tbe
property of loyal Kentuckiins is to be im
pressed in tbis way without indemnified
tion it is not strange for them to nsk,
"What's the ti^e of boinsr loyal?" Oovernor
Bramlette is rigbt SI,ivery cannot be abolish
ed in a loy ?1 by proclamation, but only
by State law and legitimate legislative action
Thk Lut Cujl Upon tmk PA-nuorraii or thk
Natiom.?The approaching military campaign,
vrhiob may perhaps already have commenced,
will be the deoiaire one of the war General
Grant, as the leader of the Union hosta, has this
great responsibility resting upon him. The
contest will be a sanguinary and terrible one;
but it will decide tho Tate of the country one
way or the oilier. If General Grant be success
ful in tbia campaign the Union will be pre
served. If be be defeated the most disastrous
consequences wilt follow. We shall see the
currency destroyed, publio confidence para
lyzed, and civil war?the end of which no one
can foretell?break out in tb? North. Every
nerve and sinew of the nation should now be
strained to sustain General Grant If he prove
victorious be will be elevated to the Presidency
by the spontaneous voice of the people, and no
party maobinery will be able to cast an obsta
cle in the way of his triumphant election. Tbe
country should not, therefore, be now distracted
by party conventions, party nominations, party
platforms or party humbugs of any sort Every
prominent man, every man possessing any in
fluence whatever, should in this momentous
crisis merge party interests in a grand, united,
energetic and patriotic effort to sustain
the new and victorious leader of all the Uniou
armies in this final struggle. It will be the
fiercest and probably the shortest of the war,
and tbe occasion demands that the consolidated
power of the oountry, and the personal influ
ence of every citizen, should be exerted to
bring it to a successful issue. Let every good
citizen put bis shoulder earnestly to the work,
and push along the moving columns of Geueral
Grant. In bis success lies our safety as a
nation.
ImnaiuTiOK to Amkiuoa.?Tho statistic) of
immigration from Europe to America, a brief
abstractor which we publish elsewhere in to
day's paper, show how vast has been the tide of
emigration from tho Old World, notwithstanding
tbe fact that we sro involved in a bloody war.
The increase is perfectly astonishing, when wo
come to consider the agencies that have been
put Into operation to prevent emigration alto
gethcr. The report of the Commissioners of
Emigration is a most voluminous one, full of
valuable information to tbe public. Many of
tbe people who emigrate bithervvard* are me
chanic ani artisans of the first class. They
are all s'rong men and women, almost always
accompanied by their families and their "house
hold gods." They are uot transient but perma
nent visitors, who como to America to improve
their own oondition, iuorease our population,
and add to the general prosperity. It
is our duly to warmly welcome these
strangers coming to us, as very soon they will
all be our fellow citizens, tilling tbe same soil
and fighting the saite battles for Union and
prosperity. While Canada and the South
American countries are being weekly improved
by emigration, the superior position of tbe
Uuited States secures greater advantages, and
this alone accounts for the results which each
yoar brings towards the improvement of the
condition of our immense population.
Poor Gkkki.kt in Danhkh.?While pretend
ing, with hypocritical cant an J poltroonery, to
deprecate the discussion of politics and Presi
dential electioneering pending the rebellion,
Greeley of the Tribune ecixea every opportu
nity be can ohtaia to obtrude his person into
public political meetings, and by making
ridiculous speeches succeed both in making
an ass of himself and in keeping up a feverish
and unhealthy excitement in the community.
Such conduct is'disgrtoeful Greeley should
beware. If General Grant should fail in the
coming great campaign, and civil war in the
North ensue. Greeley will be the first victim
that will be sacrificed to the vengeance of an
exaspciated and outraged people.
Rkrkt. I'i.ass run thk Capture op this
P?ksipknt.?Another wild correspondent of
the Tribun* furnishes a tedious fiction about
pretended plans of the rebels to capture Lin
coln. which is very transparent nonsense. The
rebels aro practical men, and do not work in that
way. Every one in Richmond knows as well as
every one in New York does that the capture
of Lincoln would have no effect upon our
government or the war. Grant is the man.
Lincoln, as a power whose capture would end
the war, U obsolete.
Coal Monopolies ? Coal is still selling for
eight and nine dollars per ton. The Delaware
and Hudson Canal Company, we are informed
on credible authority, pay for the coal dumped
into their cars in the Lackawanna valley pre
cisely one dollar and forty-aeven cents per ton.
Formerly they paid ninety-five cents. Three
years since this coal sold here for two dollars
and ninety-Ave cents per ton, and tbe operatives,
or bosses and miners, were hotter off then than
now. Is there no way of reaching these huge
monopolies aod restraining them in their scan
dalous extortions ?
Military Affair*.
RfCirrtow or tub sixtt-skcokd nssmsxr. new
to ax stats voipvtrsba.
The rollowiof ordera b?ra been latued retatlv* to the
reception of ibt abort rational, which la eapected to ar
rtva IS tbia city oo Tueaday aait ?
srtciAi. ormm?-no. 6.
HUMirntna Finer Ditwi.*, N. Y. N. 0 ,1
New York, March IS, l<W4. /
TIM Ststv-seeoed^regnnont, New York State voluoteora,
will arrlva lo Mm city oa Tuea-lar next, tbe Md iuat.,aod
tba Flrat regiment. Vew York State Kogioeer*. will ar
rive oo Wedoeeday oext.tbe <m mat . and will be re
coirod by tba kijor aod t ommoo (ouocll of tbia cur
wttb appropriate honor* for their gaUael aervices la tba
told.
Tba Seventy flrtt regiment, New York National Guard,
Coluoel Troflbrl. will parade on lveeday oext, tba 23d
toat.,10 uoiia witb the , iril authoritiee io tba recap (too
of the U'kly aacoed rcgtoieal To form line to front of tba
Cltf Han at two o clock, p M
lb* flerentb rrgimcnt, New Y?rk National Duard,
Ooiooei Leflerie, will j<ara4e oo w*ioe*day next, the 33d
leal., to uoita with tbeciri! aulborltiee io lb* reception
of tbe rirat regiment, New York Stale Kuglooere To
form Hoe to froot of tba City Han at two o'clock i\ M.
Brigadier General! Hall aud Sptcer will promulgate the
leregolug ordera By order jf
Major tieeeral CHARLB8 W. HANOfORD.
Albs HiMii.TOe, A. D. C.
sworp rftr'rotation.
captaia Martmdale, of Company D, rirat New York
caralry, wee praientiwl witb an elaborate tabre, bell,
eeab.fcc , by the officer* and member* of tbe company,
oo Saturday m .rning. rtia affair took place at l'ow?r*'
Hotel, and tb? preaontation waa male, with a few telling
aad appropriate remark, by Private ."etiaefar, on bebalf
of the company Capiato Martlodola baa already tarred
daring the faanpaigo in a company of Michigan caralry,
aod now carrie* tbe New York Piret loto the Held again.
TBI TWINtT-NINTU CONNECTICUT C0L01U0 VOL*
mrrtaas.
Nnw Uavbn, Cooo , March 19, HA4.
Tbe Tweotf ninth Cnuoecllcut Colored Volunle.)ra, num
bering ooa thouaand and fire meo, all told, under Ooloeol
William Buroater.aaiied from tbia port this *r*nlog,oo
tba atearoer Warrior, for Anoapolie. flreat
waa maoiiaated along the line of march, tba soidiera keep,
log up a cnotloual ainging aod hurrahing
TUB SRCOND MAINS CAVAt.1T
Poeti Ann, Ma., Marrfo I?. 1M4
Tbe ale?mor Continental aalled lo day f ir Now Orleans
with tbe ehip Krank Moult to low, oach taking a porlioa
of tbeaeoooJ Maioe cavalry
MTOMN oe THB TIIIRTIBrff MASUCBUSITTA RBOI
MBNT.
Unarm, March 19, MM
Tba Thirtieth Mxhaaobueetta regiment, from Now Or
letna, arrived honin to-day on a itiriough, baring re on
Hated An eallxiaiaatie wok*?m? waa given them, looted'
mg a diautr from the Clly authority* in Faaeoil Hall
Rclffloti laUlllfeaet.
mttOH TO Mr.
A public meeting kr behalf of tbe OaHed Mates Cbr?
lion ComoiiMuu, win M Md tbie evewtog iu Ue Km>y
teriae church, Fourteenth street aod Seeoed ivmh,
?t half-past wou o'clock Km Rov Dr. HoekjveM, of
Brooklyn, just from tbe ai toy, aud tbe R? George J.
Miagtns, will deliver addressee
A? (be Westaiustor cburcb, Twenty second etioet.be
tweak SUtb aod Seventh Avenues, ibo Kov Cbeuaeey O
Murray, pastor, services at half-paet too and half past
neven o'clock:
Tba Rev Heerjr Bianchard will proecboe tbe Brtpfel
?ate of tbe Life of Thomas Starr Kioc. M tba Cburcb of
the Restoration, coroer of Monroe plaoe o*d Clark street,
Brookiyo, tbie evening
Tbe Rev Qmrgo J. Mingios end George U. 8toert,
1'resideat of tbe Commission, will deliver addressee in
behalf of tbe Untied Stated Christian Comnsisatoo, this
morning, at half past ten o'clock. ia tbe Coogrogatioaai
I aberuaclo, corner of York and Boodorson atrcota. Jersey
City.
At tbe Soutb Rapt>at church, Twonty arid atreet, be
tween Sevooth and Kigbtb avoouea, tbe Rev Alex H
Vintoo, I) li., uaiug the Kpiscopal service, will preaoh
the eleventh or tbe South cburcn lectures (second so
riaej. at balf-paat aoven o'clock. Subject?'? Recreations "
The Rev. Wm Alvln Rartlett will preach 10 tbe Brook
lyn Tabernacle this eveuiog, at bair-past sovea o'clock,
f roaobteg ?o tbe morning ?t half {Met (en o'olaolc, Sab*
bath school at nine and baifpaai two o'olook
Tbe Roy Sam'l B. Roll. D. D., will proach in tba Pres
byterian church iu Fiftieth street, belweeu Brood way
and F.ip.hth aveouo, at baif-past ten and balf-paat aeveo
o'dloek
??Restoring the Uuioo as it was." will be tbe subject at
thaPooplo's mealing, 1ST llowory, at three o'clock. Prom
two to three o'clock, "Tbe Constitution of Uio United
Statea."
The Rov. Dr. Thompson will preach at tho Broadway
Tabernacle church tbie oveoiog, on "Tho Power and Re
sources of the ilnitad Church agaiuat tbe Rationalism of
tbe limes." service* at half-past aevoo o'clock
Tho Rev C. 0. Goes ioetnros to young moo and stran
gers io Hope Chapel, Broadway. Una eveoing, at bail
paat aeveo o clock.
Tbe Rev. Tboe At milage, l?.D , by requeat. will reoeat
the sermou delivered in tua bouth church series, 10 bis
church, fifth aveni.o, corner of Forty sixth street, this
evening, at half past seven o'clock Subject?"Church
mid .Soul I,ife."
Tin Rov. S. II. Cox, D.D., will preach iu the North
l're?t>yiertau cburcb. corner ot Ninth avenue end Thirty
lirat atreet. this morning, at balf-paat too o'clock, aod iu
the oveuiog at balf-paat seven o'clock
Tbe Rev G. A. Pelt/ will preach at the rooms of the
Now fcuglatid Soldiers' Relief Association, lUia alteroooa,
at ibroe o'clock. Tba public are reapeotfuliy invited to
attend
The Rev 0. T Flanders wHl deliver the uiotbdia
cou' bo on "Hoil, its Bistory and liostioy," at tbe His
torical Socicty Building, Second aveouo, this evening, at
bait-past seven o'clock Subioct?'"Christ in Hall."
W 11. Mitburn win deliver another of tbe course of lec
tures ou tbe"Barly History of Christianity," thlseveuiug,
at hall-past seven o'clock. at Irving Hall
Divine soi vice will ho hold in tho cbipel of Rutgers'
lustitiite, Filth avenue. between Forty-llrst aod Forty
second streets, at half-past ten o'clock in the morning
aud balf past three o'clock iu the afternoon Tba Rev.
I'r Ovor will preach in tbe morning, and tbe Rev. Ste
phen H Tyug. Jr.. in tbe afternoon.
At the Bleocker strcnt Universalis! church, this eveo
lug, tba Rev. Moses Halloo will explain a text that ao
eminent orthodox clergyman said was the ouly one in the
Bible that prevented bim from *>eln^ a Uuiversalisi
Morning services at half-past tea o'clock
At tba Central Presbyterian cburcb. Broome street,
two blocks eaat of Broadway, proar.biox by tbo pastor,
Kev James K Uuun, al bait past tea and half past aeveu
o'cl -ck Sabbath school at oine and two o'clock
AtlheChtWoh of the Resurrection, Thlrty-flflb street,
a low doors east of Sixth aveaun, divine service at half
past leu au.l half-past aeveo o'clock Tho reotor. Rev. K.
t* Flagg. will preach ia tbe morning the Rev. F. Vinton,
I) 0.. of Trinity church. In the evoning, when a collection
will be l ale an lor tbe Prajor Book Society
At AH SaiotR' Protectant Rpisrnpai cburcb. corner of
Hem y aud Scammel streets, services at hair past ten and
balf past feven o'clock Tbe rector, Rev. Samuel J Cor
nol le, *ill preach In tbe morning, aud the Kev. B H.
Wastou.l). I)., aesiaUnt minister or trinity pariah and
chaplain of tho Seventh ragimo.it, N YSM..m tbe
eveuiug.
Tbo Rev. Matthew Hale Smithw 111 preach io tbe chattel
or tbe Polytechnic, Brooklyn. Livingston street, near
Court, in tho rear of the City Hall. Services at hair paat
teu ana half past seven o'clock.
At tbe Twentieth street Universalis! church, near Sev
enth avoaue, the Kuv. K. O. Brooks gives tbe oiutb ser
moo ot the current ro'ios this a'tarnoon, at three o clock
Hub eet?''Solomon, the Epicurean " M truing aervice at
balf-paat ten o'clock
The aonivoraary minting in N*w York rot the Amerl
can Sunday School Cuioo will be held in the brick I'roa
livteiian cburcb, Rev Itr. Spring, corner of Kir in avo
nue aud Thirty aovnntb street, this eveoing at half past
seven o'clock Rev. A. A. Willits. of Krooklyn. li-irge H.
stuart, Kaq , of Phil idelplua, and Mr. Sto;ihoo Paxson,
from Illinois, will make adilrutwca Kev Jno. H. Burtia
will rei>ort (he cootributtons of the past year and m*ko
a general slatemeot
Krcdeilc I. H. Willis will apeak at Clinton Hall, Astor
place, iu the lower lecture ruiia, Ibis morniog at half
i?ast tea o'clock, and in the eveaiog at ba t imstaevan
o'clock. Hub,eel?'"Havo wo a Kaitb worth living for.'
" 1 be Correspondence Hetwean tbe Light of Nature and
tbe Light oi tbe Soul "
Mrs Oiira I. V. Hatch will s|ieak in Brooklyn, iu Clin
ton Hill, suutnwest (wuer of < tin ton and Atlantic streets,
this a tarnooii at three o'aiock. Sub ect chosen by tbo
audience. Queatiooa answered at (he close
At St Ann's churcb, in Kightoentb strset, near Firth
aveuue, tbe services commeoco at a quarter to eigbt and
bill |?-<t ten o'clock A. M., at three and half past aeveo
P. M , tbe aiteniooo boiug ror.daaf inutos. during Holv
Week services daily at half.past <v*bt A M. ai d twelve
o'clock M. and at nalf |>aai aeveo P. M , except Cood Pri
day, on which they will tie at the Huuday houra. This
(Sunday) evening the itov l)r. ilighae will preach. Mon
day tveuing. the Kev Hr. Haigbt, Tueaday oveoiog. tbe
Rev. Or. H. It Jolinaoo, Wednesday evening, the Rev.
Ur. K Vintou. Thursday evening, tbu Rev. Dr. A H Vin
ton Kriday evanuig, ibe Rev l)r Cooke; Saturday even
ing, the Kev Iir I>ix The gcrmans will be Interpreted
for doar mutes, aud tb? '>tferia?!> 'tf the congrtvaiioiu will
bo received towards | aying the lloaticgde'il ot ibo cburcb.
which uow amounts to about live thousand dollars Scata
free.
Ihe Rev Jaraos A I'billipn will prea -h a disoo iraeon
tbe deitb of Jaa. P. Hocking, at hah-paat ten o'clock this
moiniug tu tbe First FrreiWHI Baptist church, Iu Twenty
eighth atioet, near P.roadway. of wbicb tbe deceased was
sexton tor many yetrs. The friends are mvited to b )
prju.'nt _____
Literary Intclltgcare.
liinbofi Hopkins' " I'e'enceofSIa very" has |Hl b?eo pub
iHfte l by I'ooley h (Jo , of Kraoklm aqmro l( u *l
dressed lo Hisbop Poller, aod makes a volume or neirly
(our hundred pegas, in which a vist am >uat or research
is exhibited?labor usolcaely etpeaded, aooiog thai tbe
inaliititioo to Ibis country baa received it* death blew,
and can uever be reeuecltated
"Naocy Blake s Letters lo a Western Coui o" If tbe
title of a pleasant littie volume or poetical epistiee lo tbe
?'Nothing to Wear" style. Tho author, we believe, Is
Wise Ruth N. Cromwell, aad tbe publisher is Toosey
A agnlflcaot fact 10 cooaocti>n with General Grant's
prospects as a I'reeidential caadidste is Ida announce
meot that Mr. Larke'a "Life an i Campaigns" if the hero,
which has ooly b.-eo a Few weeks published, baa already
ran through aeveral editiooa
1*. Alger'a "Critical H story of a Future Lira" is ooa
of the moat remarkable of the many doctraai works
published of late. It has excited a great aouaalua 10
religious circles.
Michael Banim, the survivor of the gifted author of
"Tbe O'Hara Family," baa a novel la the preas entitled
"TbeTowoot the Cascades."
A very valuable and interesting compilation is "The
introduction and Early Progr^aa of Km Cotton Manufao
ture in the United States," by Samuel tiatcbelJer It Is
published by Little Brown 4 Co , of Boadon.
A capital biography of Father Maths*. tbe great
Apostle of Temperance, has been recently published to
!,codon It* oomptler, W. John Fraocis Magulre, writaa
without the allghtaat aactarian bias, aal has cooae
?juently been enabled to do full justicsto (he urge hearted
Christian phtlaotbroplel who rendered such important
servicea to the cause of social pi ogress.
Charles I.ever's new-story of "l uttreii of Arran" gels
a severe cutliog up from the I/>odoo crltIcs, although
ooly a few numbers of It have appeared A caaa of care
iaaa writing and bai Rngtiah la made out against it.
A verycnrtous work I* that entitle! "From Matter lo
Spirit?tbe Result of Ten Years' Kaperleoo* to Spiritual
Manifeetations " It M by Mrs He Morgan. tbe wife of
Professor Pe Morgan, ibe well known author of "Tbe
theory of Probabilities," who baa written the preface
Dr (loran'a last book, "their Majesties Servants, or
Annals ef the English Stage from Betterloo toEesn."
II highly praised by tbe London erltiee. Wo trust tbst
some American publisbsr will reprint il.
A naw edition of Adam Smith's ??Wealth of NSt tool,"
revised by Profeasor J. R McCulloeh, has Just boon pub
lished by Black, of'ICdioburg
"A History of the British Nsvy from the Earliest Pe
riod to tbe Present Time" I* among the mast serviceabio
of tbe contributions lo the hielonoal literature of tho day.
It ta from the pen of Mr. C. D. Yongc. One of the moat
interesting chapter* In II IS Ih* account given of the
Agbt between the Shannon and Chesapeake. Mr. Yooge
doea full justice lo the gallantry of our saiDfa aod their
commander
The Cartridge M*n?r*eti?r|r Kipioalost
at Bprlagaeia.
Sramortein, Maaa . March 10, IM4
Clgbl persona have already died from Iho eflMa of the
i in|urlsa they received in the recent cartridge manufactory
I otpioaioe, Several others are m a crlttoal conlitlja.
NEWS FROM NORTH CAROLINA.
Union Prisoners in Transit from Rich,
mond lo Georgia Frown to Doath.
INPOBTANV MILITARY ORDERS.
Free Schools to bo EitaMiihed at Newborn
tod OUmt Place*,
The UuHed M? iIm* transport Elian & Terry ,Gap
tela Cbapta, from Newborn, H C , oa the 1Kb M ,
arrlvod at UN* pocl yesterday
Win Jobnsoo. of Cossoany F, Nluety niutb Now Yoit
Volunteers, 1M am board too Terry yaslerdsy, when aft
Sandy Hook Hu residence was at No. Ji Hiaovar
street, Doetoe
Omr to wlnrit Oonr*ap?aleac?.
Ihwai, N C , Marc* 14,' IMC
*>ia ie Mn d?T the ooomt were to too in t> wsassiow ef
Nowtoero. acoordidi 40 Ibetr aspec'attons, it being tbe
socoud anniversary or its capture With tbo oscsptuM at
a alight skirmish between tbo ooeusy and tbo Third Now
Tork cavalry, Chore baa boan ao collision aa yet
Tbe Wilmington (N. C > Journal s*ys that out of tbe
rooent party of Yankao priaouere ia trauait from Rtob
mood to Amerious. Oa., two fross to death la thj care be
tween Woldaa and Raleigh. twelve waro bo severely
frosen that they bad to bo loft in tb<v hospital at Kaletfb.
aad thirty 00a escaped from one of the hoc c*re between
Brancbviile aad Augusta.
A released Uoioa ofbcer from Kiclimoad, who baa ar
rived in Newborn, thinks a lack of food, instead or frost,
was tbo cans) of the a bora montioned death*
For the information of persons ia tbo North who aift
rieoooaooM difficulty iO' getting letters to tbeir friends
who are officers la the North Carolina Uaij* rogimeata,
It should be understood'that there are two' white ragl
menu of infantry known as First North Carolina,awl twc
known as tbo Saoond North Carol iuv Two of tbaaa
regiments are ia East Tenuous ?e end l wo la Bast Nortb
Carolina These oumbe s also represent eaoh bwnb of
the service?cavalry, infantry aad artillery?while aad
black, which, with tboseor the sanu number in Bast
Teauasaee, will make Qfteaa regiments kn >w? as tba
First and Second North Carolina, white and black.
There are also white and black r Ml moots knewa as tba
Third North Carolina regimaats iAfeatern and Kastssw
Nortb Carolina, oousisting of eaoh branch of the-servkMi
Waou tbo various reglmeoto, white and blaclt. now a*
ranging under these numbara, are all full, there will ha
twenty seven Union regiments kuowo aa tba Pint
Seoond and Third, which ard located in four different
States?Tennessee, Nortb Carolina, Virginia and Baulk
Carolina In sddresslog letters to tbese regimonts, tb(
branch of service fcbouUl be stated, tholr I oalily, aa*
tbo n?me of tbe commanding officer
1 he huu?iug of (Uty ooo Uuioa soldiers at Kinstoa, ba
looking to tba Seoud North Carolina white regiment, aa*
tba reported banging of several companies of tbeSecoa*
North Carolina wb.te regiment ia Western North Carolina,
recently captured by the rebels, have given a fresh start ?
to tbo eulistmaut or conscript deserters, who are eager far
ao opportunity to avenge these atrooities
Tba loilowiog orders have beeu issued ?
GENERAL ORDERS?NO. 33.
HsaDetailvias, Army and Dtsra>of North Caaowaa,!
Nrwhexn, N C . March tl, 1804 J
1 Mainly through the i>hHaath*opr of Nortbarn Marts,
ample and liberal means have been provided for the
moral arid religious training of the colored children at
Nortb Carolina. No | onion or this bounty has been &?
verted for tbe education or "poor Kbits children," and
tboussads are witbiu the iieec, growing up ia vice aad
ignorance. Unless they arc 'Dslrnctod the American peo
ple bave no guarantee tbat tbey wiU not la the futuro at
t?ni|H to revolutionise the government and destr oy Ma in
rtitmions History will record that the lack of that
knowledge which icsuits from a general system of educa
tion waa una of the leadiog cau?e* of tba es*tiog rsvom
lion.
2 It is ordered that freo schools ba organised at oaaa
ia Newbern, under sucb female taacber* as may froaa
limn to time bo authorised Tho Provust Marshal will
procure suitable rooms Tbe expenditures will ba paM
from tbe civil fund, on orders (rom Uiaae headquarters.
:i l!ev. J. Hill House. Hospital Chaplain, Profassor V.
H. Doherty and Surgi-on U W Hand, Nodical Otrootor,
are appointed aa Inspactora of Schools without compeaaa
tioa. Tbey will report at least monthly upon their con
dition , m.iking such recommendations ss will promote tba
objects iu viow.
4 At an early dsy schools will ba opened la Washing
ton , Kcau ort and oibor places
Uy command or Major General PRCS.
Bknjakin B. Fovrea, Assistant Adiutant Oenersl
(IKNRRAL OHDBRK? NO. 33.
HBanqriRiisas, Asav and Oistaicv or North Caitouaa,
Nswpbrw, N. C , March 12,1WM
Complaint having be>*n made that colorel employee it
tbe savoral staff depirtineufs bare been enticed away by
drilling, through meoOer of higher ratee of psy,aa4
tbat the xama practice Impedoa tbe succees of recraiuag
agerts, all peraons in thia district arc prohibited fraas
empliyinx blacks at bl?iher wages than tboee lied ay tba
government. Uy commaud of
Mat r Ueneral PECK.
Bam; B. Fosibr, Assistant Adjutant (ioneral
\
Fine Arts.
K*o**'t*a "Octob?.* Afternoon on I ako Coorge," now
on exhibition *t (>vupil'ii, is one of I be in< at aufexsaful ct
Hiia artist a late ell >ru orieu a* the *nchantiog aronerf
of (bis beautiful region ba-t bceo painted, wo know do
w >rk wbicb ao faitb.'ully portray* IU foatura* The
po.tit from which ibe ear ta Ukeu embneo* a loan
sweep of Ibe lake, varied by a number of Ibe Kmall
m .tods by wbicn it is so i>icture*iuoiy dolled Ibo per
spective ia admirable, aud uded by a (I.ikh llio S|>ecUtor
cau Iraco In the Tar diitaor* many a favorilo a, ot which
would otherwise eacapo ibe uaked eye We bop* Um
work will be *ngr?v*i. for a* yet w; hive had nothing
In Ibal hue wbicb c<>oveys ao aiiifactory an idea o( lb*
*attra. lions of (be most picture* jus of our Auorleaa
Lake*
One of ibe few benefit* wbicti lbj unhappy air i^glo m
wbicb we are Moaned will confer upoo im m ibo ?Una>itus
tbititwitl impart to a branch of art wbicb bia biihor
lo boea little cultivated here?namely historical palat
ini Already avtdeuc** of tbia are begiumag to ranoifeM
ttiom*"lv*s In tbe compostliou* which ara making tbehr
appearance ou iba walla of our exhibition room*. We ar?
glad to Hod that Ibe artiste who are applying 11<*om*Iv*b
to this class of mbjecls sre doing nn in an earneal anJ
consr ont.o'ia spirit. Nehlig. who now occupi a a (vs
most position amoog our ugura paiatera, baa beon paa
iug s>me time at Gettysburg, stulfing all the points of
interaat to Ibe scene of too lata terrible coafliol, with
a vtow or painting a ser<ea of larga picture* Hioetrativa
of lb* battle. We have aeen bis SKelob of tbe fight am
tbe extreme left of ojr line, wbicb ia proasunetf by mill,
lary men wbn were present at It, lo be a mast an
raaafu! reproduction of I ta leading incidents. 80 far at
Ibe character of tbe ground and the geoarti disposition *(
Ibo oppoatng foreaa ara concerned, nothing ca i M Mrs
accural*. It is Intended to introduce portrait* of UW
principal acton In tbe scene, so rar as I bey can be got,
by sittings or otherwise. which will impart great ad
ditional inter** to tbe work.
Tbe to too triumphs at Chattanooga are alto, we arw
glad to learn, about lo receive their share ^f pictorial It*
lustratlju Mr. Jime* Walker, tbe artiat who palntad
tbe assault on Cbapuitopar, now 10 tb* Capitol at Waafc
logtoo.haJ b**n on tbe ground (or aom* time preparing
sketches for several large picture* ons of those will re
present Ibe struggle on Lookout Mountain, iu which our
troops were so magaltoenily bandied
Thar* is a German artlei now in this city of Uie um
of Schoepff, who baa brought back from India and Persia
a number of vary curious paiotlng* illustrative of Kaaiara
habits and manners One in particular , rapresanting tha
court of Ruoj**t Smg, is a very remarkable work, ta*ra
being a vast number of portraits tntrodocod an*
imment* pains laken to reproduce ibe soeoo In all IM
barbaric magnificent*. It is of very large a! m, aod ?*
elaborated to ao extraordinary degre* la all It* mioutMt
details It will be shortly placed 00 asblbition Mr.
Schoepff '* studio 11 at 120 Broadway
Mr. ,1 C. Raltre, tb* publisher, ha* s?a?u* a Qn*lf en
graved portrait of the newly appointed tiautomnt Gona
ral of tl?e armies of tbe Umtad Stat**?Oenoral Grant II
is the largeal and most faithful portrait of biro yet pub
llsbed, and bears his autograph The corners of thsea
graving are d*corat*d with eceoe* from lb* Goneral'aj
military car*er, on* of the most prominent of which la
the conference wltti Pemberton for tb* aurronder of
Vlcksburg The work, from lis merit, Is certain lo bar*
a very large aal*.
Tbe Artist* Album, presanted to th* Brooklyn Sault ?ry
Fair, was " railed" f)r on Thunday evening Tha
picture* wer* divided Into ao lots, which were won by,
Mrs. Bussing, Mrs. Clarke, and M*a*r? Ranford, Rl**t,a,
Ward and Thompson. The number of tiokoU aold ?aa
fir* hundred and Bfty-two, making an aggregate rjoetpt
lor tbe l>*noflt of th* fair of $6,2*) A numtxy of tha
leading saints asaistad ia tho raffia, aod som% bf theaio
ners, too, we regret to aay. for during Vhe e?ci(em*nt
? attending it an ?nf)rlunata reporter waa eaa*d of h?a
i pock*', book