While Important news Is dally reaching us from all
parts of the country, we shall issue. In addition to our
regular edition, one at half past four o'clock.
The N?W?>
The secession of Virginia from the Union, the re
fusal of her Governor to comply with the requiai
lion for troops, the reported seizure of Harper's .
Ferry and the Gosport Navy Yard by the bccos- '
Bionists, together with rumors that Governor Wise,
at the head of the rebel*, was marching
on the capital, created intense excitement,
not only in Washington, but throughout
the country, yesterday. The excitement was
greatly augmented by the report that a deter
mined resistance would be made at Baltimore to
the passage of troops through that city. Later
accounts confirmed the statement as to the seces
sion of Virginia. The ordinance passed the Conven
tion, but seven votes being cast against it. Those
faithful friends of the Union were compelled, it is
Baid, to flee for their lives from Richmond. The ru
mor of the seizure of Harper's F erry is contradicted.
A despatch from Baltimore States that all was
quiet there at five o'clock yesterday afternoon,
and the government at a later hour had received
no intelligence of its capture. The Gosport Navy
Yard is still in possession of the government
forces, and Com. Paulding reports that it is
likely to remain so. The federal capital is now
in a position to repel any attack that the
revolutionists may make. Nearly all the ablo
bodied residents and strangers there are under
arms. Though an attack is expected, there are
no fears as to the result. With regard to Baltimore,
it is only necessary to state that the troops from
Harrisbnrg and Massachusetts passed through
that city yesterday without molestation, and that
a party of rebels, who hoisted a secession flag
and attempted to fire a salute, were set upon by
a number of indignant mechanics, who spiked the
gun and tore the flag to tatters.
The gallant Seventh regiment will leave this
city this afternoon at three o'cloc k for Washing
ton. The Twelfth regiment has been accepted by
the government, and will leave for the same des
tination without delay.
The volunteer movement is progressing with
great spirit, and we have to record to-day many
extensile additions to the organizations already
mentioned, while several new ones were instituted
yesterday. The Fire Department have nobly re
sponded to the call for their services, and the plan
for their organization into a Zouave corps has
been most thoroughly effected. A detailed re
port of the military movement iu the city appears
in the appropriate columns.
The Bteemer Baltic and revenue cutter Harriet
Lane arrived at this port yesterday, bringing Major
Anderson and the garrison of Fort Sumter. A
full account of their reception is given in our
colnmna this morning.
Hoat of the troops from the Baltic were sent
back to Governor's and Bedloe's islands yesterday,
while the soldiers from Fort Sumter still remain
on board the vessel. It is probable that they will
be sent to Fort Hamilton to-day.
The passage of the Massachusetts troops through
this city yesterday was marked with almost un
paralleled exciteracnt and enthusiasm. Wo must
refer our readers to our other column* for par
ticulars.
There wa- a good deal of conversation yester
day in commercial circles regarding an order said
to have Ween received by the Collector of this
port tu grant no more clearances for Southern
ports i
The Board of Conncilmen met last evening, and
adopted a series of resolutions supporting the
federal government in putting down the civil war;
tendering the Governor's Room to Major Ander
Bon, and requesting him to sit for his portrait; giv
ing permission to the clerks to leave their po?ts to
join the volunteers, and expressing the wiah to do
all they can to support the families of the volun
teers during their absence.
At a special meeting of the Board of Super
visors, held yesterday, a resolution was unani
mously adopted granting leave of absence to their
chief clerk, Mr. Joseph B. Young, who is an officer
Of the Seventh regiment. Mr. Young, who has
Nerved the Board faithfully for some time, was de
sirous of joining hia regiment and going to Wash
ington with them; hence the permission.
The steamship Kedar, from Liverpool on the
morning of the 7th inst., arrived at Halifax yester
day forenoon, bringing one day s later European
advices.
The news Is extremely warlike. The London
Olobt says that Europe has never occn more agi
tated since 1847. A despatch from Paris elates
that all the French marshals had been summoned
to attend an extraordinary council of war at 1'aria
on the 8th of April.
It is reported that France had offered to *ip>
port the cession of Venetia to Italy.
The London Stan/lard of the 4th inst. says: -
"We learn, although no authority is vouchsafed,
that the customs authorities at Havre had notified
that ships from the seceded Mates would be re
ceived on the same footing as those sailing under
the 'BUrs and Stripes.' "
The commercial Intelligence is not important.
The I-iverpool cotton market closed on the 6th
hist, at an advance of one-eighth of a penny on
previous quotations. Pales for the day 20,000
Ww Wf Mw iftici a slight advance la Uia
Havre- market. Breadstuff* and provisions quiet*
American securities firmer.
The steamship Bavaria, Captain Meier, from
Southampton on the 4th inst., arrived at this port
yeoterday afternoon. She brings 115,000 In specie.
Her advices are anticipated.
By the arrival of the steamship Tennessee at
New Orleans on the 12th inst., we have advices
from the republic of Mexico to the 9th. The
deaths of Lerdo de Tejada at Tacubaya? and Gov.
/.am ora, of Vera Cruz, at jhat city, are confirmed.
They are a severe loss to the liberal party. Mr.
Weller, United StateB Minister, had resigned. No
Minister will be sent to Washington for the pre
sent. The death of Senor Lerdo renders the re
election of Juarez to the Presidency very pro
bable. The frieuds of the government are san
guine of its stability, though it is extremely cramp
ed for want of money. Executions of highway
robbers are of daily occurence, and the road from
Vera Cruz to the capital is reported safe. Capt.
Aldham is still in a dangerous condition from the
effect of his wound. A conduct* of $3,000,000
had arrived at Vera Cruz, nearly all of which was
shipped to England.
In the Court of General Sessions yesterday, An
drew J. Hackley was committed to the county jail
for thirty days by Recorder Hoffman, he having
refused to answer this question:? "What did you
do with the $40,000 given to you by Edward Hope
in relation to the street cleaning contract?" "I
decline to answer," said Hackley, "because it
might furnish a link in a chain of evidence against
me that might convict me of a criminal offence."
The number of inmates in the public institutions
of the city at present is 8.J90 ? a decrease of 27G
for the past week. The number admitted was
2,062, and those discharged were 2,338.
The Board of Aldermen did not meet last even
ing. There is a special call for a meeting at five
o'clock to-day.
The case of Dillaye against Hart, for assault and
battery, was heard in the Supreme Court yester
day, before Judge Welles, and the jury were di
rected to bring in a sealed verdict this morning.
A prize tight between two New York pugilists,
for one hundred dollars a side, was to have come
off at New Brighton, Staten Island, yesterday
morning; but the inhabitants of that rural village,
becoming alarmed at the unusual number of
roughs congregated in and about the plaoe tho
previous evening, telegraphed to New York for a
force of policemen, who arrived just as the princi
pals were stepping into the ring, dispersed the
crowd and put a stop to the intended fight.
The cotton market was more active yesterday, while
prices were firm. The transactions embraced about 3,640
bales, closing stiff on the basis of IVic. a 12,'ic. for mid
dling uplands. Flour was heavy and less active, while
prices were without change of moment. Wheat was
heavy and lower, while sales were made to a
fair extent, In part for export. Corn was ir
regular, and rathtr lower for some descriptions,
while sales were fair, at prices given in anclher
column. There was a speculative movement in pork, on
account of the war, and the article advance! about 50c.
per bbl. for mess. The sales weife active, and embraced
about 3,200 bb!s. , at $18 a $18 50 for mess, and at $13 26
a $13 60 for prime. There was also a speculative move
ment in rice, with sales of 2,600 easks on private terms.
Whiskey, from the same cause, has advanced to 19Xc. a
2Cc. per gallon. Sugars were steady, with sales of 1.5C0
hhds. Coffee was quiet. Freights were steady, with
moderate engagements.
Stirring and Decisive 'News? Virginia Se
ceded?Washington and the Line ?f the
Potomac to be the Battle Field.
Virginia has seceded. She has taken this
I dreadful leap in the dark, and terrible to her,
we fear, will be the consequences. A revolu
tionary army, under Governor Wise, is sup
posed to be moving upon Washington; the
federal forts and other property in North Caro
lina, it is reported, have been seized in the
name of the State; and from those and other
Southern reports it is morally certain that Vir
ginia will very soon be followed by North
Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky and Arkansas.
The number of States thus arrayed on the side
of the Southern confederacy will be twelve,
with a population exceeding ten millions.
Delaware stands unquestioned in her loyalty,
Maryland is apparently immoveable, and
Missouri, we dare say, from her peculiar posi
tion and from her preponderating Northern
and European settlers, will hold fast to the
cause of the North. Thus the flag of the
United States and the North will have a popu
lation exceeding twenty millions to uphold it;
while the defensive cause of the seceded
States, with about half this aggregate popula
tion, will be encumbered with that fearful item
in a sectional war of over three millions of
African slaves. A brilliant spontaneous mani
festation of the Union loyalty of Maryland
occurred at Baltimore yesterday. A body trt
secessionists on Federal Hill tried the experi
ment of hoisting the secession flag and firing a
secession salute; but with the first discharge or
two of their cannon, the Union operatives from
the neighboring foundries and workshops turned
out and quickly dispersed the revolutionists.
From this significant incident, and from the
Union serenade to Governor Ilicks and bis
Union speech the other evening, we confidently
believe that Baltimore and Maryland will stand
the tug of war for the Union.
This gratifying attitude of Maryland keeps
open several railway lines of communication
with the North, to say nothing of the military
advantages of the water line of Chesapeake
Bay. Hence, if the Southern invading army
are not in Washington before to-morrow morn
ing, the probabilities are that they wiil not
very soon attempt its occupation. The Massa
I ohusetts regiment, the New York Seventh regi
ment. and the troops pouring in from Pennsyl
vania, will, by to- morrow morning, we dare say,
give General Scott an available defensive force
for the federal capital of at least ten thousand
effective men. Governor Wise and Major Ben
McCulloch will hardly venture upon the ex
pulsion of this defensive army under General
Scott unless they can bring a force of twenty
thousand of their raw recruits to the
conflict. The name of Scott ia in itself
a tower of strength, of discipline and con
fidence, to the troops tinder his command, and
his is a name, too, which will be respected by
his enemies.
It appears, however, to be the settled pur
pose of the Southern revolutionists to expel
the administration of Abraham Lincoln from
its seat of authority. The Secretary of War at
Montgomery, in a speech there on the receipt
of the news of the evacuation of Fort Sumter,
exultingly predicted that the Confederate
State* would be in occupation of the city of
Washington by the 1st of May. This would
seem to indicate an extensive organization for
this object. At all events, no m%n can longer
entertain any doubts of the sagacity which
marked the precautions of General Scott in re
ference to Mr. Lincoln's inauguration When
our vigilant old General-in-Chief first sounded
the alarm last December, the Nkw York
HlRAi.n came promptly to his assistance, as
will be seei> from various extracts which we 1
reproduce this morning on the subject from ,
our columns. For example, on the 1st and 3d i
of January we suggested the concentration at
Wwfcirtfon of fixtj thousand ^nen; again, '
on the 15th, we appealed to the administration
that, "of all things, in order to avoid a civil
war of endless calamities, It is mo3t import int ,
to provide against any treasonable or revolu- j
tionary movements npon Washington designed
to overthrow the established government
there."
We now hope tbat our suggestions of January
^n regard to our federal capital will be fulfilled
te the full extent of sixty thousand men, so
disposed a# within a few hours to be within
reach of the city. They may be needed there
before the 1st of May, and, if not needed for
the defence of Washington, they will be useful
in guarding the line of the Potomac and the
outlet of Chesapeake Bay, as the movements
of the enemy may require. That the war will
now be carried into Africa there is very little
doubt; and thus, in the fatal step which Vir
ginia has taken, she may not only suffer the
disruption of her own territory by the Union
elements 6t the Pan Handle and the West, but
she may suffer, within a year, to the extent of
one hundred millions of dollars in the losses of
her slave property, to say nothing of the horri
ble contingencies of a possible servile insur
rection.
Meantime, as all hope of the representation
of Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Ken
tucky and Arkansas in our new Cougress may
now be abandoned, would it not be well for
President Lincoln to assume the responsibility
of summoning Congress together without de
lay? The Senate is ready, and a quorum
is elected of the new IiouBe. Maryland,
we believe, is the only State likely to be
represented at this extra session which has
not elected its members, and she could within
a week supply this deficiency. To give sys
tem, efficiency, prestige and funds for the pur
poses of our government in the conduct of
this war. the presence of Congress is needed at
Washington. The resources are at the com
mand of the government for a short war and
an early peace; and half a million of men
put in motion from the North may prove the
cheapest, shortest and most effective argument
in behalf of peace. Let us have no more
cbPd's play. The great North is ready, and
New York city and its suburbs alone, if re
quired, can furnish fifty thousand men and fifty
millions of money for the purposes of a de
cisive war and an early peace.
The Federal Union, and the Integrity of j
tit* Republic*
There exists no principle, so potent to unite
the sympathies, and concentrate the energies,
of a civilized people, as that or national unity.
It is founded in instincts which lie deep down
in the human heart, and form a part of its un
taught, natural logic. It appeals, equally, to
individual magnanimity, and to the most sordid
selfishness. Patriotism, reverence for the past,
respect for established authority, and benefi
cent institutions, as weH as the law of self
preservation, are all motives for maintaining
it. To impair it, appears a sacrilege from
which the sensitive mind shudders, and the
odiousnews of the word treason, attaches to
those who would rend the parts of the homo
I geneous whole asunder. To It, exclusively, is
to be attributed the spontaneous outburst of
enthusiasm, within the past week, in favor of a
vigorous and efficient policy, to re-establish the
Union upon its pristine basin, by retaking
those properties of which b-v-^een ?Un
possessed. The government of the Confede
rate States has taken up arms, and commenced
hostilities, in order to destroy the integrity of
the republic. It cannot succeed, because its
aspiration to do so is unnatural and atrocious,
and enn find no response in the intellect
or conscience of the masses of citizens,
even in the seceded States. The authori
ties at Washington, have, on the contrary,
found no difficulty in exciting the public mind
to fever neat, and the programme it has inaugu
rated is approved, because it is founded upon
that imperishable love of country, which will
not permit the relinquishment of any of its
parts, but prefers any sacrifice to its disintegra
tion.
Fast history should warn every thinking
mind, that revolutionists, or parties, in a nation,
which aim at its disseverment, are almost
invariably destroyed, while popular sympathy
clings spontaneously to those who fight for its
autonomy, and crowns them, at last, as victors.
The aunalij of the ltoman republic, ahow that
even liberty was more readily given up than
unity, and that autocratic authority wm yielded
to dictators, to prevent the latter from being
violated. Under the Ca-sars, before Roman
dominion was cut to pieces by the swords of
barbarians, every Kmperor perished, who en
deavored to sustain a partial sway, against a
rival, aiming at universal rule. The annals of
England, from the Wars of the Hoses, to the ac
cession of William III., are a perpetual illus
tration of the same theory; and a recent French
writer, has justly remarked, of his own people,
that their history has been a perpetual strife
for consolidation against division, and that the
latter has been continually defeated. The sym
pathy that is so universally felt for Italy, grows
out of the conviction of its right to be one great,
homogeneous power, and an abhorrence of the
partitions which separate those who are of a
kindred race; and the ray of light which begins,
after twenty-five years of civil war, to gleam,
dimly, from Mexico, proceeds from the defeat
of the internal violators of the territorial integ
'"rity of that republic. Time will prove in this
country, also, that the cause of the national
Union, is sacredly cherished by the multitudes,
in all the States, and that, on this account alone,
it is sure eventually to prevail.
The bombardment of Fort Sumter swept
away all past Issues, in the Northern States,
and, with them, all party lines and platforms.
Tbey are as obsolete as the period beyond the
flood. With the opening of the batteries of
Ueneral Beauregard upon the forces of the
United States, a volume in the history of the
country closed, and a new one has since been
opened. Its table of contents, as compiled at
some future day, may contain a register of the
sacrifices, the heroic deeds, the sublime devo
tion, the unprecedented bravery of the Ameri
can people for its preservation; it may, also,
record miseries, carnage, desolation, a fright
ful national debt, and times of the deepest
discouragement; but it will infallibly close
with the declaration, that the Union emerged
out c4 nil these trials, in its full Integrity and
splendor, without the loss of a single star from
its flag North. West, and Fast, the people are
resolved. Men and money will be at the dis
posal of the government, beyond what they
may require. Three hundred millions of dol
lars and three hundred thousand men could
be fnrnished, If requisite, within a year; al
though. if proper vigor is displayed by the
a'lttieifftrntion, the object* of the WW U?t kM
? /
begun, may be accomplished long before the
close of that time. What Lb done, should be
done quickly, and when the end it attained of
saving the Union, it will be discovered that
the latent, suppressed feeling in the Southern
States, has been as adverse to the destruction
of the Union, as it has been here.
Vh* Art lb? DUsaloalfU!
Some of our neighbors, with whom we have
been so unfortunate as to disagree politically,
have been very busy during the pa^t live or six
days in endeavoring to prove that the Hkrai.d
and several other anti-republican papers have
ranged themselves on the side of disunion, and
endeavored to break up the confederacy. So
far as this journal is concerned, the statements
above referred to have no foundation in fact
On the contrary, the real disunionists are to be
found on the other side of the house. At about
the time of the secession of South Carolina ?
the beginning of the movement ? the Tribunt
printed several articles calculated to encour
age the diBunionists. The Spruce street phi
losophers did not hesitate to declare that if
South Carolina or any other of the cotton
States desired to go out of the Union, there
should be do opposition. The Tribune made
this statement very distinctly, and de
clared that North would be a great deal
better off without any of the slave States.
No means were left untried by Greeley A Co.
to force the cotton States into open rebellion.
Day alter day they were taunted with coward
ice and accused of pusillanimity.
The course of the Herald was quite dif
ferent from that of the Tribune, as may be seen
by the extracts we print elsewhere. These are
extracted from our files, and they show that
when the federal government was menaced by
South Carolina we repeatedly called upon
Mr. Bachanan to place pjoper garrisons in the
Southern forts. Again, we directed attention
to the exposed situation of Washington, and
called upon the Executive to strengthen Gen
Scott's hands with troops to the number of
fifty or sixty thousand, if he asked for
them. We "told the outgoing administra
tion that Washington must be held at any
cost. When the electoral votes were to be
counted, and subsequently, as Inauguration
Day approached, we again suggested that a
strong force should be stationed at or near
Washington. After Lincoln had been swora
in we demanded an outline of his policy, and
declared that he must take one side or the
other. Anything was better, we said, than un
certainty. For our own part we believed in
peace, but we lived in hope of a settlement by
some means, and held ourselves ready to sup
port the government, even in a policy which we
disapproved, so anxious were we for action
of some kind. Tardily enough the administra
tion came to the scratch and attempted to sup
ply Sumter. Hereupon the leaders of the
Southern confederacy took the responsibility
of making war, and placed themselves in a
false position. The attack on Sumter was a
very great blunder in every point of view ? po
litical and military. Of course, as the South
struck the first blow, every loyal citizen of the
North sticks by the flag and the honor of the
republic. And our position was to favor peace,
to promote conciliation by all proper means,'
and at the same time to be ready for war if it
should be commenced by the South. Thus it
will be seen that we advo#M?d the detail of
troops for Washington more than three months
ago, and it is our policy which the administra*
tion has adopted.
Now that war has been commenced, the
Tribune labors to still further excite the public
mind, to foster the mob spirit, to instigate do
mestic violence, and to biing about infractions
of the public peace, by accusing others of the
misdemeanors which properly lie at its own
door. The Tribune aided and instigated the
secession movement. The Tribune is now anx
ious to make more mischief and create riots
within the city of New York. Therefore we
declare that the real disunionists are to be
found in the office of the Tribvne, the editors
of which journal are laboring with all their
might to Btill further embarrass and compli
cate public affairs.
Thk Seventh Regiment.? This crack corps
leaves to-day in all its strength for Washing
ton. It has long been the pride of the city; its
superior drill and discipline placed it at the
head of our militia regiments. As the Guards,
the Queen s Household troops, in England,
were the first to proceed to the Crimean war,
being the choice troops of the army, so the
Seventh regiment, the Homsehold troops of the
city of New York. are now proceeding on the
dangerous service of defending the seat of
government sgainst attack. The intention at
first was to remain only for a fortnight in
Washington, and to return here when their
place wa9 supplied. But, judging from the
news which we publish this morning, they may
find it impossible to return so soon, and they
may bo culled to play a part in scenes which
will try their mettle and prove the value of
the training which they have undergone. Dy
all means let them remain at Washington till it
is secure from danger and the enemy is placed
horn de combat. New York expects every man
of them to do his duty and to give a good
account of himself.
A ClUNIfl EN THE UlSTOKV OF THB Ool'XTRY. ?
For the last half century there has been no
war worth mentioning in which the United
States played a part. Ths Mexican war was
of brief duration, and was not upon our own
soil. It not only did not exhaust the nation,
but in its result added greatly to its material
resources. Prosperity has consequently
abounded in a greater degree than was salu
tary. < )ne result of this prosperity was public
corruption. Everything went on so smoothly
that the people let the politicians have their
way, till they have at last undermined the
government and broken it up.
War, civil war, is now both a scourge for our
?ationul vices and the instrument of restoring
health and purity. As the thunder storm puri
fies the atmosphere, so does the tempest of
war. It will sweep away the miserable wire
pullers and politicians, and it will bring
forth a new set of men, with lofty
ideas, high purposes and brilliant talents,
as did the revolutions in England and
France, and the Revolution of 177(5 in
our own country. It will develope the moral
and intellectual qualities of men who hitherto
have sought the shade, and can only be brought
out in great emergencies. The effect of war
particularly civil war? Is to try men's souls,
and to render salubrious the moral and politi
cal atmosphere. War has its terrors, but it has
also itf u?es It will bring the gold brighter
out of the fire, and separate the dross; and not
oo'y will it raise up statesroeu and warriors ga
pable of wielding the Uestin.'68 of nation,
bat the sufferings and sorrows inflicts
and the lessons which it conveys will' **e ?Ac
tual in preventing a similar catastrophe fo." ?*e
next half century.
Something was wanting to consolidate oar'
s length and to prepare us for further progress J
in our mjghty destiny, instead of stagnating in
!nf Pi?Trity W'd becoming " effeminate and
enfeebled nation. The trial is great; but, the
?*?.!?* the right kind' U *aiQ ia lus
tre what it may lose in bulk.
The National Spirit Aroused.?1 The na
J? v "tlH* *" Ulorou8hlJ ?roused all over
tie North and West, and troops are pour
WMhi^toa * "'Ponse to the
froL v I C8l(,ent Y??terda y a regiment
from Massachusetts, a thousand strong, passed
tathiff ,?itJ' and 18 bj m time quartered
V "L Capit&1 To d*y "other regi
ment from the same State will take a hastv
breakfast at the Astor House, and proceed on
its journey in the same direction; and to mor
row the regiment from Rhode Island, com
manded by Governor Sprague, will take Its
morning repast at the same hotel, and
on to headquarters. Th? Seventh reri
ment of our own division received orders to
march yesterday, and will leave tois after
noon for Washington. The Twelfth will imme
diately follow. With all the facilities of tele
graph and railroad, an army of two hun
dred thousand men can thus be concentrated
at apy given point at a few hours' notice.
The Northern and Wesetrn States have an
enrolled militia of nearly two and a half mil
lions of men, most of whom are trained to the
use of flreai ma, and can make a pretty good
shot, and many of them are regularly drilled
and disciplined in organized companies. These
States have also abundance o^ munitions of
war, and money enough at command to sustain
a large force in the field. There exists, more
over, a perfect unanimity of feeling to make
all these resources available to the service of
the government. It is true that half the men
who are now hurrying on to Washington do
not care who is President; many of them may
be opposed to Mr. Lincoln and his party; but
they do ewe for the integrity, the life , the perma
nency of the republic, and In this sentiment all
party predilections and prejudices are now
submerged.
But while this extraordinary military activity
has been demonstrated for the past few days
all over the North, it was manifest that the ac
tion of Virginia was to be the turning point of
the crisis. If Virginia had stood by the Union
and the other border States had acted in unison
with her, the contest would have been nar
rowed to an issue with the cotton States ; bnt,
with the secession of Virginia, there is going
to be enacted on the banks of the Potomac one
of the most terrible conflicts the world has
ever witnessed; and Virginia, with all her
social systems, will be doomed and swept
away.
Congress meets in extra session on the Fourth
of July, to assume a grave responsibility; and
although hostile forces maybe marching South
we will advocate, as we have alwayB advocated'
the earnest consideration of measures concilia
toiy to the Southern States? measures which
will guarantee them those rights and privileges
to which they are entitled by the constitution
and the laws. It is to be hoped that Congress
when It assembles, nil 1 realize the solemnity of
its duties; that it will abjure all party legisla
tion and lobbying manoeuvres, and will devote
itself energetically and with a full conscious
ness of its responsibility to the momentous
tone of the day. Whatever the government is
about to do should be done quickly towards
the settlement of this question, in order that by
next fall peace may be restored, and the har
mony and prosperity of the country may re
sume their former vigor. To bring about this
happy consummation is the paramount duty of
every citizen, from the President to the hum
blest volunteer in the ranks.
The Union Feeling Amongst Oir Natural
ized Citizens and Foreign Residents.? There
can be do greater proof of the unanimity of feel
ing which pervades all classes at the North in
support of the government than the fact that
not only our naturalized citizens, but foreign
residents, are eagerly volunteering their ser
vices for the contingents demanded by the
President from the several States. Both the
Germans and Irish are offering themselves in
large numbers; and even Englishmen are being
carried away by the general enthusiasm.
Amongst those of the latter nationality who
have come forward in this generous spirit an
Mr. Thomas Barry, the manager of the Bv^ton
theatre, who did good service all through the
Peninsular war, and Mr. Roderick W. Came
ron, of this city. In declining a staff appoint
ment offered him by Colonel M. Leay, Mr. Ca
meron gives expression to the following credi
table sentiments:?
There is no reason why a good subject of Great Britain
should not be an acceptable volunteer to defend the laws
and the flac of this great country. I therefore heartily
tender myself to serve in the ranks of the Seventy ninth
Highlanders, and share the dangers of those who wear
the tartan or my clan. I cannot promise to be constant
ly with the regiment; hut If danger threatens I will en
deavor to be present at the moment when the ttrst shot
is fired.
We trust these facts will be remembered,
should it ever again be attempted to lengthen
the term of probation fixed by our naturaliza
tion laws, or to raise the cry of exclusion
against our adopted citizens. It will be found
we believe, ere the conflict In which we are
about to embark is brought to a close, that the
latter have been amongst the most ardent and
unselfish defenders of the Union.
Chevalier Forney.? Chevalier Forney con
tinues true to his instincts, which are those of
a mean, malicious, low politician. He does not
appreciate the crisis through which the country
is pasting, nor the uprising of the national
spirit which is stirring the whole North from
end to end; and his organ, reflecting the con
temptible character of the man, is busying it*
self just now in flinging his filth abroad, and
in copying the personal attacks upon the pro
prietor of this journal, which appear in some
of the publications issued from some obscure
corners of this city.
Chevalier Forney is preparing for the dismal
future which is approaching. He knows that
the republicans have discovered that he is a
bad bargain ? that in rewarding his serrices
they have paid too much for their mutton ?
and that when they oome to elect a Clerk
for the next cession of Congress he will be
ignominicusly kicked out, and a better
man? tome one who can be of more servioe to
ttie party ? will be put in his place. Forney
knows that his time is come; that the picking?
of the Clerkrhip are about to pass away from
him; that those who bought him have found out
that he is not worth the thirty pieces of silver
tfcej paid for bin. JJinc iticr Iwhrymcr,
Exi'Lo*i?lt OK Tins Oi'KitA.? The war exc
ment has, it appeals, killed the Opera seat
in Philadelphia, and put a stop to the p
posed campaign in the West. '1'he associa
artiets adhere to their copartnerihip, howev
| and will occupy during the gummer the p<
tjon of an army of observation ? Murio goi
abTfad for recruits. Probably our peo]
will ?Ot want any more mimic pl*7" '01
while. W? have supplied the Southern pool
with the fashions, the Opera, the drama;
have traded with then, trusted them and <
tertained them. Now they have aeen fit
challenge us to fight them. We are compel!
to endeavor to prove to them that war it
game at which two can play, and that the gi
of battle, once thrown down, la to be taken
without a moment's hesitation. The South *
ascertain that the people of New York can
some things as well aa others.
The Csasdlaa P?rlU??at? Valta I
tweea Upper Ctasda art the Worth*
Toronto, C. W., April 18, 1861
In Parliament last night Mr. McDougall, one of
leaders of the opposition fro* Upper Canada, stated ?
If the existing evils la consequence of the union *
Lower Canada were aot otherwise remedied, an allla
between Upper Canada and the Northern States was lii
to be formed.
New Jersey College.
PKiaanoa, N. J., April IS, 186i
The Union loving students of this national college ra
ast evening the Stars and Stripes on the cupola oT
Nassau Hall.
Disaster on Lskt Erie.
if Bvfkai.0, April 18, 18ff
The propeller Kentucky, went ashore during the No
east gale and snow storm of Tuesday night or We<
day morning, near Oak Orchard, between Genesee
Niagara Rivers. She lies on smooth rocks with dep
of sand and mud perfectly easy; not Injured; did
bound sny. They scuttled her at once. Asjistance
been sent to her. She wUl probably be got off and ta
to Dalhousie.
Hon. Arrival or the Niagara.
Halifax, April 18? Nooi
There axe j et no signs of the Niagara. The weath<
boisterous, but is clearing.
Southern Ocean Steamer Movements
KAVijfXAH, April 18, 18#
The United States mail steamship Florida arrive
Tyl>ce at eleven o'clock Wednesday night, and at
wharf here at eleven o'clock Thursday morning.
Markets.
PHlLADELmiA STOCK BOARD.
Pini-iKKM'tuA, April 18, 186
Stocks heavy. Pennsylvania Stat^ 6's. 85; R?a(
Railroad, 18>i ; Morris Canal, 40; Long Island Ralln
10 Pennsylvania Railroad , it. Sight exchange on 1
York at par a 1 10 per cent ApfU lg 1M
Flour steady: Howsrd street and Ohio uochani
Wbeat dull: red, $1 30 a |fl 83, white, $1 40 a $lj
Coin steady. Tork firm at $20, prime, $15. Coffee
at 13o. a 14c. Whiskey dull.
? Philadelphia . April 18, 18(
Flour dull but llrm. Wheat quiet: sales 6,000 bui
red at$t 28 a $1 32; white, $1 28 a $1 60. Com I
sale's 6,000 bu*hols at 62c Mets pork, $17 60. V
key steady at lTJic a 18c.
Acabsmy ok Mvsio? Madame Anna Bishop's test
nial benefit is to take place this evening. The very i
lar English opera "Tbe Bohemian Girl" and a scene
"Tancredi" will be given. It is to be hoped that sc
cellent s programme for the benefit of an artist whe
afforded so much real entertainment to the New
public will attract a crowded house. It is reported
Major Anderson will be present on this occasion.
COMPT IMKNTARY BSKinT TO MR. W. F. BaOCGH.
genUeman, so long and favorably known to our put
connection with theatrical matters, takes a benefit i
Brooklyn Academy of Music on Monday next. The
has been got up by a number of the leading inhsb
or that city, ss a mark of the high appreciation In '
Mr. Brough, for many years a resident amongst tb
held. The programme offers a strong array of talen
there is no doubt that the friends snd admirers <
veteran will rally la force upon this occasion.
Oraunc Matters ? We lease from Philadelphii
the war excitement has quite used up the Opera,
engagements made by the sssoclatod artists exp
the 21st k of this month, sad as the prospects o
cessjn the West are nnt flattering, Muzio & Cj
?quare aeeounts and repose on their laurels for tt
gent. The copartnership between Madams Oolso
nori Brlgnoli, Susini and Muzio has been renewed I
next year, and Muzio will shortly go to Europe,
view to engage Tamberlik, the tenor, snd a new
dentin.
LrrnuRY. ? Dooiady has just published s curious
very interesting novel, from the pen of Mr. F. C
Adams. It has an ingeniously constructed plot,!
scenes are chiefly laid in South Carolina. The autl
painted a curious picture of its society.
Coroners' Inquests.
Mki-akcholv Cass or Stnnros. ? Ooroner GambJ
called upon yesterday to hold an Inquest at No. 42|
avenue, upon the body of Mrs. Susan Rook, a
England, aged forty years, who committed auli
taking poison, under somewhat peculiar clrcun
Deceased, it appeared, separated from her husba_
eighteen months ago, and obtained a divorce In thl
of Common Pleas. Several times since the separat]
endeavored to bring about a reconciliation, bat *
success fill. The matter preyed upon her mind to I
extent that she determined to commit suicide,
end all ber worldly sorrows. Accordingly, on ]
she swallowed two ounces of laudanum * and >??
the privacy of ber bedroom, expired without any I
household knowing aught about her Intentions, f
thought that deceased bad left the otty, and hed
pearance did not create any alarm until y ester da]
the door of ber l>edroom was forced opeu, and J
found lying dead la her bed. Among the effects |
deceased was a letter addressed to Mrs. Sprinpat
of the occupant* of the house, which will be
Interest, as follows ?
IV) Mrs. Srsisnertaii
I want only your kind hand to lav me In the |
I should die, and let my deer, dear brother I
trunk and my letters in it; and when you write I
aak you, in the name of God, not to sayone|
grieve htm. He was always so verv kind to
write to him and condolo with him. I
go to a better world, where sorrow
tiart. My heart Is broke. What
have 1 think will give me a gr
Greenwood, and send my beloved brother the nu|
my grave. What things I have I wish you to i
you are my only friend, my dear Mrs. Sprlngat
kindness you have shown mo when 1 sat loi
never pay, but God will bless you. May He |
mercy on ui all, Is my last wish. Pray for mo,
friend. SUSAN
N O I have paid my rent to May. 1 saw i
sun this morning, and moon last night.
The jury rendered a verdict of "Death by sulci
Is raid that deceased was formerly the wife of f
the criminal, now under sentence for arson In J
degree; that she separated from him some twe
ago. and married hsr last husband, Mr. Reek.
F*t>u Arrtrwrr to th* Rrsmw Cossru? A^
0 clcek yesterday morning, as Jobn|de Nottbeck, |
slan Consul, was riding in Osntral Park In comp
his wife, his horse took fright, and, becoming li
able, dashed forward at a rapid rate towards thl
avenue entrance. The rider soon lost all oontroll
animal, and ai the runaway was seen dashing
Bloomingdale road, Mr. de Nottbeck
clutch the horse around the neck. When near I
of Korty ninth street the animal made a heavy
throwing Its rider with much violence to the
The Twenty second precinct police picked up tlj
man and conveyed him In an insensible
to the station bouse. A number of cmla
slclans were early In attendance, bi^t
efforts to rally their patient proved
Mr. De Nottbeck lingered In a state of un
for an hour, and tnon expired. Madame de
rode up just In time to be present with her hu
his last momenta. The body was removed
residence of deceased, No. 47 I Afayette place, \
ner Schlrmer will probably hold an Inquest f
Srirroi nv Porno*.? Anna I<oefller, a native of |
twenty three years of age, who lived at
street, committed suicide on Thursday morning |
of oil of bitter almonds. Coroner Schirmer
?iu?st In the case, when it appeared that
lived unhappily with her husband for some tl
<>n Friday morning she retired to her bed room |
lowed the poison, dying In a few minutes aft
verdict was rendered accordingly.
Win or nm Ijti Cmsr Jtmnrs Sjuw.? ThiJ
the will of Hon lemuel Shaw was presented ft
His wife and his sons l<emuel and Samuel
pointed ex< outors. After giving to his wife .
mansion on Mount Vernon street, together will
nlturc, and ail tils books except the law librari
divided between the two sons named above, tl
to be divided Into Ave parts, one of which ,
wife, ami one share to each of his four chill
only pub lie bequest is t?00 to the proprietors >
folk I aw Library, as he was "desirous of t?
ngard for his own profession, snd his aens
portance of extending its usefulness to th?
bv means of legal learning.'' The will
.luii? last, and the subscribing wltnessst .
Rigelow, Metcalf and Hoar, o{ the Supreme i
n TrMir; 'rnj 5,