The work at Yorktown appears t? be progressing.
Oar guaboata bare been doing good serrioe
t Glouceater for the paat few days. On Wednesday
moating one of them approached within two
milaa of Yorktown, and the rebela opened fire
r
-r*n a concealed battery is the woods. They
were driven in large force from another battery to
the left of Torktown on the same day. The rebeta
opened upon onr troops with their heavy
gone, when a qecond battery waa brought forward.
A brisk fire waa kept np for about four
hours, during which three of the enemy's guns
were diaaonnted, when both parties ceased for a
white; bnt the firing was resumed on our part late
in the afternoon, and continued until daylight next
morning, effectually preventing the rebels from
repairing the damage they had sustained.
The War Department received a despatch from
General Banks' corps yesterday, announcing that
our troops art in possession of Mount Jack9on,and
have advanced as far as Rude's Hill, where the
rebols had assembled in force. New Market was
to be occupied by our army immediately. General
Shields has so far recovered from his wound as to
he able to command his division in person.
The Merrimac makes no demonstration, although
the weather continues fair at Hampton Roads.
There seems to be very little doubt that she went,
aground during her late attempt to come out from
her place of retirement, and had to be taken back
to the Goeport Navy Yard for repairs. It is stated,
upon competent authority, that ahe burst her gun
when she fired the last shot at onr boats on Friday
last.
The news from the Rappahannock to-day is important.
A gunboat expedition succeeded on
Monday last in securing Fort Lowrie and the town
o< Tappahannock, planting the Stars and Stripea
ou the Court House. Two rebel vessels were
captured by our fleet. The people at Tappahannock
were considerably alarmed, and were
'tout to abandon the place until assured of protaction
by Lieut. McCrea.
comonat.
Io tho Senate yesterday, the House bill enlarging
the powers of the Court of Claims was referred
to tba Judiciary Committee, and the Houac
bill authorising the iaeue of certificates of indebt
e<tne*s was referred to the Finance Committee. A
joint resolution appropriating 17,000 for the relief
of the officers and privates of the Maine battalion,
who lost their personal effects on the Port Boys)
expedition, was adopted. The bill requiring electors
of the District of Columbia to take the oath of
allegiance to the government was passed. The
House bill -establishing a Bureau of Agriculture
was token up. Mr. Wright, of Indiana, offered a
substitute, providing for an Agricultural, Statistical
and Commercial Bureau, and made a speech in
support of it. The subject wss, however, laid aside'
and the Indian Appropriation bill waa taken up.
amended, and laid over to be printed. The Houae
bill establishing a branch mint at Denver, Colora
do Territory, wm passed. On motion of Mr. McItougall,
the resolution^relative to the arrest of
General Stone was postponed till Monday neat.
Mr. Doolittk nave notice that he should more to
bare the subject referred to aome committee, perhapa
a select committee. A resolution was adopted
calling on the President for the papers and testimony
in the court of inquiry in the case of
l.ientenant Fleming, of the navy. The bill proriding
for a line of steamships between San Francisco
and Bbanghae wss called up; but without
taking action on it the Senate went into executive
session.
The Hoose waa occupied all day in delisting the
Pacific Railroad bill.
mSCXLLAVXOUl VEW8
la the Sonata of our State Legislature yesterday.
several .bills were passed, among which was that
relative to the inspection of unsafe buildings in
thia city. The majority of the otbera were only of
local or private Interest. The city tax levy and
the bill to prevent frauds in laying oat streets in
Alila city were reported favorably and ordered to
the Committee of the Whole. The bill relative to
rate* of wharfage in New York and Brooklyn waa
ordered to a third readng. The bill for the enlargement
of the canals sufficient to admit the paswage
of gunboats came up for its third read,
ing. but waa somewhat amended and sent hack to
the committee. The Metropolitan Health bil|
ngaitt came up, and, after being discussed and
having aome amendments proposed, was made the
ppwtial order again for this forenoon. The
Assembly's amendments to the Swill Milk bill
wore inn-concurred in. In the Assembly, a minority
report was made from the committee appointed
to investigate the transaction.) of the Mill
tary Board. It reviews the majority re
port, and seya, in substance, that no one
connected with these transactions is deserving
of serious condemnation, hut that the errors were
inseparable from so hasty an organization of such
a vast system. The report was ordered to be
printed. The Harbor Ma .ten bill was called up,
considerably amended, and ordered to a third
reading. The conference committee on the General
Appropriation bill made a report, in which the
House non-concurred, proposing a further conference.
The Senate Excise bill came up, was
debated at considerable length, had several
amendments proposed, and was finally ordered to
the Committee oi the Whole.
Our telegraphic report by the Canada at Halif
ix, announcing the capture of the packet ship
Yorktowu by a rebel privateer, must have been
written in mistake, as the Yorktown is now in this
port. If any such seizure has been made, the
name of the vessel taken must have been erroneously
telegraphed from Liverpool to Queenstowu.
There were eitrhtv vessels entered at the Custom
House yesterday from foreign ports. This number
of entries in one day was never exceeded but
once, which was on the 15th of April, 1861,
when the number reached hinety-one. A large
number of them were from the West ladies, with
cargoes of sugar and molasses.
The Board of Aldermen did dot organize last
evening, a quorum not being present.
This being Good Friday, the law courts, as.usual*
have adjourned over to Saturday morning. The
only judicial tribunal announced to be in session
is the Supreme Court Circuit, part second, at
k present presided over by Judge Hoyt, of Buflalo.
The trial of Thomas Duffey, charged with the
murder of Alex. Small, first mate of the ship
Southampton, terminated yesterday, before Judge
Smalley, in the United States Circuit Court. Mr.
Howe summed up for the defence, contending that
there was no proof that the prisoner inflicted the
blow, but if the presumption was that he did, then
it must have been done in self-defence. The District
Attorney, for the prosecution, addressed the
jury, who, after a charge from the Judge, retired,
and after an absence of about three hours returned
with a verdict of guilty of manslaughter. The
Judge then sentenced Dufl'ey to three years imprisonment
at hard labor, and to pay a fine of
three hundred dollars.
In the Oyer and Terminer yesterday, the case of
Edward F. Gallon, charged with manslaughter in
the third degree, in causing the death of Andrew
J. Fowler, was called on for trial. The homicide
took place in a drinking aaloon in Houston street
on New Year's eve. It appears that a controversy
arose between some parties, and in the affray
Fowler was stabbed by Gallott. By advice of his
counsel he pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the
fourth degree, which plea was accepted by District
Attorney Hall. Judge Barnard remanded the
prisoner for sentence.
There was a better feeling la Wail street yesterday,
growing partly out of the belief that the diflerencea be.
tweeo General MeClellan and a member ef the Cabinet,
which have been the subject of general conversation,
have been satisfactorily settled. Government' stocks
roee per oent, and the general railway list rose a
li, the most active securities being Central, Erie and
Toledo, which are believed to be largely oversold. Money
was aaiy at 5 a 0 per cent. Exchange was dull at 112 a
Gold lower?101K a %.
The cotton market was excited yesterday, >. d
closed at an advance of full one-half cent per lb.
The supplioe on sale ware light, while there was
more Inquiry on the part of spinners: the sales embraced
about 3,000 bales, on the basis of 29c. for middling uplands,
and some holders asked 29>?c. and were unwilling
to sell for less. Thu flour markot was heavy and dull,
and, with moderate tales, prices fell on Sc. a
lOo. a 15c. per barrel, mostly to the exteat
of the two latter figures.- Wheat was again
heavy and lower, while prices were irregular and sale*
limited. Corn was rather eaaier, with fair sales at 56c..
for Western mixed, in store, and 59c. a 60c. for do.,de
live red. Pork was easier, but in fair demand at the
concession. The sales embraced mess at $13 50a$12 62*?,
and small lota were reported at $12 75, and new prime at
$10 a $10 31,!{. Bacon was firm, and lard leas buoyant.
Sugars were less active, while prices were rttady, with
ales of 350 hhds. Coffee was steady, but quiet, and
without sales of moment. Freights were firmer, with a
fair amount of engagements.
Stone anu Wooden Waij.s Eqt'AU.r U.vskkvickablx.?The
wooden walls of the navy, so
long relied upon as the chief defence of maritime
nations, fell before the iron-clad vessels
of our navy, and. both in this country and
Europe, the era of wooden ships is declared
oast. Tto capture of Fort Pulaski.
demonstrates as conclusively that the era of
tone fortifications is also among the things that
wore. Under the terrific fire of our 1'arrott and
siege cannon, the fort was breached in seven
places, and a (successful defence waa impossible.
These facts demonstrate that the (
immense improvements In artillery have I
rendered our present fortifications useless
and indefensible, unless they are heavily plated
with iron. By and by we shall probably have
them built of iron entirely. Then, with our
.coasts guarded by iron-clad forts, our harbors
defended by iron-clad floating batteries, and a
great fleet of iron-clad .ships at sea, the United
States mny defy the world to an attack.
Henceforth, then, the shield of the Union must
be of iron, and the national coat of arras a coat
of mail.
Which Fokt Pillow is Commooouk Footk
Aram ??It was reported in our telegraphic despatches
yesterday that Commodore Foote bad
reached and was bombarding Fort Pillow.
Now, the rebel General Pillow achieved so
great a reputation in Mexico by constructing
an intrenchmsnt with the ditch insido instead
of outside the walls, that the Confederates sent
bim to fortify the Mississippi, and be has built a
dozen earthwork forts, several of which he has
had the vanity to nam* after himself. The
question is, which is the Fort Pillow that Commodore
Foote is bombarding? It cannot be the
Fort Pillow just below Hickman; for that must
have surrendered with Island No. 10. Is
it. then. Fort Harris, or Fort Randolph, or Fort
Wright, under another name? Or is it the really
important Fort Pillow, a few miles above
Memphis? If the latter, bow did Commodore
Foote manage to pass (be intervening forts
safely? and why does be say nothing about
them? A little official explanation upon these
poiuta is very greatly needed.
What G*n. Grant Hah Doks.?The Union
commander at Titteburg lias been engaged in
seventeen battles under the folds of the flag of
tho United States, fourteen of which have been
fought during the present rebellion. In Mis.
eouri he held tbe various ranks of Colonel,
Acting Brigadier General, Brigadier General
and Acting Major General. He held the chief
command at Belmont, Fort Honelson, Fort
Henry. Ac., forming a portion ef those fourteen
battles: and the spirit manifested by bis
Conduct as Second Lieutenant at Molino del
Roy, where he was brevetted, has not died
within bim now he in a Major General.
A Kiohtiwm ? Kmiinc noN ok Pboviiibm;!,?
The civil war which the ruling classes or England
have fomented in the United States has iesuited
in a revolution in naval warfare which
! is destructive to her supremacy In Europe, and
! evprwes her to invasion from France. Wli^i a
I lust retribution of Pivine Providentc!
?KW YORK. liKKALl), 1
The Abolition of bin very In the District
of Columbia.
The bill for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia having, with the signature
of President Lincoln, become a law of the land,
our readers will naturally inquire, what are tho
provisions of this abolition measure, and wbat
are likely to be the consequences to the institution
of slavery in the Southern States*
We published the bill at length a few days
ago; but, for the benefit of tho loader, we will
briefly herein reproduce its leading provisions.
First, it provides "that all persons held to service
or labor within the District of Columbia,
by reason of African descent, are heroby discharged
and freed of and from all claim to such
service or labor; and from and after the passage
of this act, noitbcr slavery nor involuntary
servitude, except for crime, whereof the party
shall be duly eonvicted, shall hereafter exist in
said District.'* The emancipation decreod is
iiuuicuiBvc, purempiory ana aDSOiute. vrnen
the bill, last December, was introduced in the
Senate, there were some three thousand slaves
in said District; when it was passed by that
body, some three weeks ago, the number had
been reduced to perhaps fifteen hundred, by
transfers to Maryland; and when the bill was
signed by the President we dare say there were
hardly orer a thousand slaves retained in the
District to receive its boon of emancipation.
All that were in the District, however, when the
President affixed his signature to the bill, were
legally free the moment after.
The bill further provides the average compensation
of three hundred dollars to the
owner of each slave liborated; but from
this compensation secession slaveowners are
excluded. Ninety days are allowed
to slaveowners to bring in their claims before
the Board of three Commissioners appointed to
settle them; and such owners so presenting
themselves are required to take the oath of
ullegiance to the government; but this oath
shall not be evidence of the facts stated by the
petitioner. The Board may take the testimony
of persons claimed as slaves for purposes of
identification. For compensation of the slaveowners
a million dollars are appropriated, and
an additional item of one hundred thousand
dollars la appropriated to aid such persons thus
emancipated, to the extent of one hundred dollars
each, in removing beyond the limits of the
United States, if they may desire so to emigrate.
These are the leading features of the bill.
President Lincoln, while intimating that the
measure is not entirely satisfactory to him,
signed it. because he has " ever desired to see
the national capital freed from the institution
(slavery) in some satisfactory way," and because
"the two principles of compensation and
colonization are both recognized and practically
applied in the act."
Ve think, therefore, looking at these " two
principles of compensation and colonization,"
that our abolition radicals have gained little or
nothing by this bill, as an entering wedge
against slavery in the States. Mr. Lincoln's
late special recommendation, and the resolution
in pursuance thoreof, adopted by the two houses
of Congress, leaving the initiatioif of emancipation
to each of the several States concerned,
close the door against any Congressional usurpation?
at least for the present?of the constitutional
sovereignty of each State over this subject.
In (he District of Columbia the constitutioual
supremacy of Congress is clear and comprehensive;
but this Congressional power of
emancipation goes no further.
We are aware that the radicals of the two
uouari ara ouuBtt?oriog in meir contjscation
bills?such as that, for instance, of Senator
Trumbull?to uproot the institution of slavery
I in the slave States. But wo daresay that, before
they can push through either house any such
revolutionary scheme as this of Senator Trumbull,
the last excuse for any such act as a war
| measure will have been extinguished by a gcneI
ral break up of the rebellion. In any event,
while the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, under the peculiar circumstances of
thi- crisis, amounts to little or nothing as an
abolition triumph, we have little fear of the
consequences. It is an isolated act, and affords
something for ^congratulation, in the fact that
the disgusting agitation of titty yeurs of this
thing of slavery in said District is now ended,
and ended in the recognition of the ' two principles
of compensation andcoloni/ftion." This
is good: for either one of these principles, in
connection with the admitted doctrine of State
sovereignty over the subject, affords a pretty
secure protection to slavery In the slnve States
against any violent abolition remedies, with
President T.incoln at the holm.
Thk Tki8( \k andGkn. Gbam's OrticuL ReeoHT.?Not
being very well able, in consequence
ol its brevity, to mutilate the official
report sent by Gen. Grant relative to the battle
near Pittsburg, as they did Gen. CuIIoid'b
report"of the evacuation of Columbus, the Tribune
finds fault with it, on the ground that it ia
not explicit enough. Because the report doe*
not state that tens of thousands have been
slain, the Tribune's thirst for blood is not satisfied.
Gen. Grant speaks of his pickets; and the
Tribune at once aaacrts " we had no pickets,"
thus giviug a brave general the lie direct. It
further asks:?' Why does not Gen. Grant tell
the truth," thus adding insult to imputation.
Titan in ili>linni:* nf tien Shoriiinn'a official r?.
I port, printed on mother page of their paper,
1 the Tribune trie# to throw the blame of the
capture ol Gen. Prentiss entirely on Gen. Sherman's
shoulders, or insinuates it ought to be
there. If, with prima facia evidence of innocence
before then*, the Tribune, tries to condemn
Brigadier General, can we wonder the! the
General commanding has not escaped, when
the Tribune could not get any other evidence
of bis movements than that, perceived by the
jaundiced eyes of the corps in Spruce street?
The Brroan Sharpshooters.?The regiment,
of sharpshooters raised by Colonel Berdan have
already been of great service in the West, but
are distinguishing themselves most prominently
at the siege of Yorktown. Stationed in the ad.
vance of our forces, they watch every movement
of the enemy with sleepless vigilance. If
a rebel head is shown above the ramparta, it is
instantly perforated by a doom balls from our
sharpshooters. Several batteries of the rebels
have been rendered temporarily unocrviceable
by the skill with which Berdan's riflemen pick
; otT the gunners. It is said that each rifleman
I scores up, in prairie style, the number ol
' rebels he hat killed, by cutting a mark upon
' the butt, of his rifle. The rebela keep an equally
acourate count, no doubt. At the outbreak
of this war. the Southerners boasted of the ad
vantage they had in their tiained liflemcn
Herd an snd his coip" havo nisdo that boasting
vain.
'KlDAr, APRIL 18, 1862.
I 0?r Soldier* aad Politicians.
In some terra incognita there is Mid to bo
1 a volcano which throws up from a single orator
two great streams of water, the one boiling hot.
the other icy cold. Such a phenomenon is no ,
inapt simile of our civil war, which has developed
simultaneously the most strongly contrasted
instances of devoted patriotism and |
noble heroism among our soldiers, and con- j
summate treason and unrivalled roguery ,
among our politicians. I
There was a period in the history of this
country when politics was the science of good
government, and politicians, of all shades of *
opinion, labored earnestly for the prosperity 1
of the nation, differing often in regard to tho 1
means to be used, but never in regard to the '
end to be achieved. In the$e times, when poli- 1
tics is synonymous with party soramblesfor
place and plunder, and when the title of a poli- 1
tician has lost its nobler signification, and become
equivalent to that of rogue, rascal and <
swindler, it is Hard to believe tnat we nave degenerated
so far within a period of less than
half a century, and the student of onr political
history is almost compelled to doubt the accuracy
of dates and to set down sober factsm
outrageous falsehoods. Still, this present
war is at once the natural result and the convincing
proof of our political degeneracy. For
over thirty years our politics and politicians
have been growing corrupt, and the result is
that we have been transformed from a peaceful,
prosperous and powerful people to a nation
convulsed by the painful threes of civil war.
When all our publio officers became politicians,
and all our politicians became rogues; when
our legislators thought more of party than of
principle, and more of their salaries than of
their duties; when our judicial officers made
Justice blind to everything but gold, decreed
poverty as the only crime to be punished, filled
their pockets by emptying our prisons, and
transformed laws into devices for the protection
of criminals and the oppression of honest
men; when our executive officers, from the
highest to the lowest, connived with knavery
and shared its profits, extended their bands not
to arrest criminals, but to receivo bribes, and
used their powers to defend vice and assail
virtue; when the people, demoralized by bad
law? badly administered and worse executed,
came to regard popular elections as means to
relieve one gang 01 rogues 01 me irouoie 01 v
holding office to make room for fresh gang, j.
equally corrupt, then the ruin of the country
became an almost inevitable consequence, to j
be averted only by some signal crisis which j
would sweep away all political scoundrels as c
effectually as the Deluge cleansed the world of c
vice, even if it left us only a desolate country (
to regenerate. g
The progress of this rapid and terrible oor- ?
mption is distinctly traceable in our political c
history. During the administration of John Quin- i
cy Adams a deficit of about four thousand three
hundred dollars was discovered in tlie accounts
of Tobias Watkins, one of the auditors of the 1
national treasury. So great was the indigna- r
tion excited throughout the country by this c
discovery that Watkins was incarcerated at '
Washington for some time, and, though it could 1
not be proven that he had embezzled the money, (
he was afterwards shunned like a leper as he 1
walked, the streets, and the opponents of the 1
administration used his case as a potential ar- *
gument in favor of Jackson's election. With *
Van Buren's administration the maxim "To the '
victors belong the spoils" was fully recognized, '
and fidelity to a party, and not mental or mo- {
ral qualifications, became the recommendation 1
to office. Profligacy, swindling and embezzlement
ensued, and the people, not yet accustomed
to official corruption, and irritated by a
thousand evils arising from partisan legislation,
swept Van Buren out of power and Harrison
into the President's chair as with a whirlwind.
Harrison was killed by the incessant importunities
of office seekers; for the opportunity to
live upon the public money bad already assumed
the place of the welfare of the country,
as the object and reward of political success.
Tyler succeeded Harrison, and devoted his
whole term to displays of partisan spite and
malice. With temporary checks, but with
ever increasing power, the tide of corruption
has rolled on from that day
to this, and during the last administration
it may almost be said that, from
a postmaster to a Cabinet officer, there was not
one honest public servant in the country. A
reaction was natural. Regardless of every
other consideration, the people rallied around
and elocted a candidate only strong in having
the word Honest prefixed to his name. Southern
politicians, foreseeing this result, and their
consequent loss of place and profit, determined
to retain power over at least one-half of the
cnuntrv. and seized tinon the abolition agitation
as a pretext to delude their constituents into
secession. Civil war ensued; but even that
catastrophe, which appalled the world, has
failed to appal the politicians. On tho contrary.
the war seems only to have fully developed
corruption, as night makes miasmas
more perceptible. Official knavery, like a
snake cut in two, lives in both sections of this
divided nation. The old political swindlers
rob the seceded South, while a fresh gang of
experts drain the life blood of the NorthInstead
of being incarcerated and shunned.
as was poor Watkins, our public
rogues are entrusted with government
contracts, and, when detected in frauds,
are transferred to foreign missions or assigned
to new commands. No one doubts the honesty
of the President; but his subordinates take ad- ,
vantage of his close attention to the war to ,
r.aim curt riennrtment of the crovernment a
den of thieves. and in one single job our present
official swindlers outrival the aggregate corruption
of Van Buren'a time. At the South the
state of affaire is the same, or even worse.
< ifficial corruption and embezzlement run
riot throughout the land.
We look in vain for politicians to save us
from the ruin thej bavo caused. Our only
hope is in our soldiers. In the army alone we
find true patriotism and true patriots. Our
' soldiers peril their lives for the Union, while
politicians peril the Union for money. Our
soldiers do service at wages too small for the
meanest politician, and wotild be content without
pay, if the country required it. Just this
patriotism, devotion to the Union, self-sacrifice
and disregard of personal aggrandizement we
' i need in our public officers. The services of
i | our soldiers, then, must not end with the war.
I They must redeem the Union they hnve preserved.
The -Revolutionary war gave us a
Washington. The little battle of Tippecanoe
i gave us s Harrison. The wnr of 1812 gave us
a Jackson. The Mevican war gave us heroes j
of whom wo in.xlo 1'iesidenli, Govettori and I
Congressmen. 80 this war, the greatest of all,
will fill our public offices with wen who have
proven their patriotism upon the battle fiold.
Corrupt politicians will be crowded out of
sight forever. Political parties will be swallowed
up in the one great party of the UnionFrom
the highest to the lowest offioe in tho
nation, the soldiers who are now re-establishing
the Union will be chosen to administer its
sJfairs and conduct it to greater prosperity and
greater glories than it has ever yet seeu.
Our Rkbki. Pkisoncrs.?It appears that since
the 1st of January last, and without couuting
those captured at Pittsburg Landing, we have
taken over twenty-one thousand prisoners from
the rebels, as follows:?
Feb. 8? Roanoke Island 2,527
" IS?Springfield, Mo GO?
" 1G ?Fort Donelson 13,1100
March 8?Pea Ridge, Ark 1,600
" 14?Newbern 200
April 7?Island No. 10 6,500
Jther plaoes 954
Total 21,781
Now, the loss of these thousands of fighting
nen is a very severe blow to the rebel oause,
'or men are very hard to get /or tho rebel
irmy. Drafts and oonscriptions?the lest retorts
for recruiting an army?have been resorted
to at the South, and every means is being
laed to reinforce Beauregard, at Corinth, and
iwell the forces under Johnston, at Yorkown.
If we choose to retain these prisoners or
elease them on parole, we deprive the South
if many thousands of veteran soldiers and
iripple the rebel cause severely.
Now, if these prisoners are exohauged and
ent back to the South, is the blow to the rebel
:ause less severe? They came here expecting
o find Northern people all barbarians,
md they receive kinder treatment here
han in the South. A very short stay at the
forth converts them from the error of their
pinion of the Northern people, and they reurn,
like missionaries, to weaken treason in
ts very stronghold.
Senator Gwln, who was confined in Fort'Laayette,
and has since turned up so mysteriously
n Richmond, is an instance of these missionary
ebels. In a recent conversation be told the
>eople of Richmond that the determination of
be people of the North was unwavering, and
hat our military laborers and manufactories of
rar materials had been doubled. This was
ery discouraging to the rebels, but how it must
lave inspirited the Richmond Union men.
It has been often stated, and we think it quite
wssible, that many of our soldiers will settle
n the South at the close of the war. On the
ither hand, many of the rebel prisoners will
loubtless remain here. The poor whites who
iirn no slaves have a very hard time of it at the
South, and will do very well here with a little
iducation in the art of labor. So this capture
if rebel prisoners works a great many different
rays, but every way wqil.
The Opera.?Manager Grau, having manoeuvred
like a cautious general all the winter, is
tow preparing to take the towq by a series of
lashing surprises. As in the case of General
ilcClellan, people have been accusing him of
tot moving fast enough; but his present
sombinations will completely silence his
letractors. He has only been waiting for ren
for cements to commence what we are assured
viit prove a most sausiaciory campaign;
or with the accessions that lie has made
o his company he will be in a position
o produce operas that are rarely played her#
or the want of the requisite strength. Of the
tew artists engaged report speaks in the most
lettering terms. The return of the malady by
vbich Madame Baseggio was afflicted in Harana
will unfortunately deprive the managenent
of her services; but her place will be
iromptly filled by another prima donna of
tqual merit. In the meanwhile Signor Tom>esi
will open the season on Monday, in the
yomte de Mantua in "Rigoletto." The new
enor is young, has a most sympathetic orgam
md has been trained in the best school. Signor
?erri our public are already acquainted with,
lis return to our stage will be hailed with
deasure by all those who can appreciate a
ughly cultivated and conscientious artist. Of
>ther debuts which are in prospect it will be
hue enough to speak by and by. The public
lave only to afford a generous support to Mr.
jlrau's enterprise and desire to gratify them to
>e repaid by a lavish expenditure on his part,
rwo additionally gratifying features of the reu
gaui/ation of bis troupe are the permanent
engagement of Madame d'Angri?one of the
>est contraltos on the Italian stage?nnd the
esumption by Pignor Mussio of his old post of
hef d'orchestre. With such a capital business
Ldministrator. as Herr (Jruu, such an accom)
I Hied musical director as Muzio, and such an
irray of vocal and dramatic talent as the com>any
now presents, the approaching season
snnot fail to be a most brilliant and success,
ul one.
Fiuciw in tub Armv Rom..?The bill in the
flottso of Kepresentatives to appropriate thirty
Billions of dollars to make tip the deficiencies
)f former estimate* led to a sharp discussion,
n which it was charged that there were " atro:ious
frauds and peculations by the War Dejartinent;"
that is. as formerly conducted.
Jue member stated, moreover, that it was
"umored that the $:tO,OOO.nOft was to pay for
% defalcation in the War Department when it
was under the direction of Mr. Cameron. Mr.
Dawes, of Massachusetts, said it was notorious
;h?t officers of mere skeletons of regiments were
receiving full pay for doing nothing, and it
was doubtful if such regiments existed at all
?xcept on paper. It it strange that, if our
irmy numbers nsarfy 700,000 men, and that
>o many men are under pay. there should be
anly 416,449 on tha rolls. Tha astimate was
for half a million of men, tha number Con
stress intended to raise; bat by some hocus
pocus we are informed at one time that the
number raised is 572,000. and then again that
it is nearly 700,000. There ought not to be
this uncertainty, and public justice demands
that a rigid inquiry ought to be made into the
allegation that army pay is drawn on fictitious
roils of regiments which have scarcely an exist*
nee. This would be better work for a committee
of Congress than the foolish inquiry as
to the alleged inhumanity with which the enemy
conducts the war, and a bootless investigation
about dead men's bones at Manassas. The legitimate
burthens of the war will be heavy
enough without adding thereto fraudulent million".
Let a searching inquiry be made.
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
lUi.UMOHt, April IT, IMS
Rrjgtiliar Oaneral Ksllr tins promptly ramorsd all rs trh-ttnna
raiulrtng military paaaea from paaaanglM
ovnr I>10 Haliimora and Ohio Railroad from Tarkara
burg, Wheeling er llMiwmxl to Washington anil Haitimora,
no document of the kind b?tp? nqo neoserary (or
travelling ttatt or Weai.
"V .
IMPORTANT MOM ALABAMA.
Operation* of Geo. A litchel?II1? Victor!-*
out Advance Clieck ' f the KebeU
Burning Bridge*?Wl*1** He Ila* Aecoiu*
pliahrd, die.
Tha following despatch wm reA''*^ frj,H <J?" Mitchel
oo Wednesday evening by a frmftd rotative la tin*
city ?
HsarxjitAKniM* Tmx? fHvr.wx, ? ,
Hrrrsvius, Ala. ^Apnl lb, Ittttt >
Tha enomy have buruod bndgus to ?op <"f vlvaace
upon Chattanooga, and bars used Lb* aawa brilliant
strategy to hold iny coluran back from pbriuth. tail for
this we sbould this day have entered Tusoumbiw an f
Florence We have penetrated a magniQceut cotton
region.have taken and now hold and run more than one'
hundred miles of railway, well Blocked with machinery?
and in Hue condition. I have abandoued the idea of evei
coming nearer to an enemy than long cannon range. Una
is the third State through which I have hunted him with
out auccoo.i 0. M. MITCHEL, Brigadier General.
Sketch of General Mitchel.
Acting Major General Ormsby ItcKnight Mitchel is
native of Kentucky, hut entered the Military Aoadency
from the State of Ohio. He became a cadet at Weal
Point in the year 1Mb, and graduated on the 30th day ot
Jane, 1820, standing No. lb in a elaae of forty-six, auioug
whom were Robert K. bee and Joseph K. Johnston, both
generals in the rebel Nervloe. On the 1st oT July, 1829
be wm promoted to a '$rovet second lieutenancy in tha
Second United Sutea artillery, and during the same day
received his full cemmission for thai rank. On the SOUi
day of August, ISM, be was appointed Acting Assisiaol
Professor of Mathematics at the Military Academy?
West Point, which position he retained until the 28th ol
August, 1831. He resigned his military rank on the 30tb
day of September, 1832. He then began the study of Um
law, sod practised as counsellor at law in the city of Cin
cinnati, Ohio, from 1832 to 1834. He next became a Pro.
feasor of Mathematics, Philosophy and Astronomy, at
the Cincinnati Coltoge, in Ohio, whioh position he hold dm
a years?vi*: from 1834 to 1844. During that time?
vie: from 18.(4 to 18.iT?he was the Chief Engiaeer of tlx
Little Miami Railroad,and in 1841 was appointed a ruambe*
of th? Board of Visitors to the Military Academy at Weet
Point. He beoaine the founder and director of the Observatory
in Cincinnati in 1845, and retained the lattet
position for sevoral yoars, during which time he edited
and published a noted astronomical Journal entitled thl
Suit-rial Hfe<smgtr. From 184T to 1848 he held the position
of Adjutant General of the State of Ohio, and in 1841
was appointod the Chief Engiooer of the Ohio and Missis
stppi Railroad, which position he held for some length ot
lime. During ail these years he resided in the city ol
Cincinnati, Ohio.
Since then be has bain for some years nonnested with
the Dudley Observatory at Albany as director, whloh
position he held when, on tba occasion of tha grand
Onion Meeting at Union square, about this time last
year, he made his no'.ed speech that was rendered so
remarkable for its flary eloquence and strong devotion to
the Union. It was In this speech that he said:?"lows
allsgiance to no particular Stats, and neverjlid,and,Ood
helping me, I never will. I owe nllegiaaae te the government
of tho United States. poor boy, working
my way with my own hands, at tha aga ol
twelve turned out to take care of myself aa best I oould;
and hegianlng by earning hut four dollara par month, )
workod my way onward until this glorious government
of the United S la lea gave ma a chance at the Military
Academy at Weal Point. Tbera I landed with my knap
sack oa my baok, and, I tall you Hod's truth, jut a quarter
of a dollar in my pockat. There I swore allegiance to
the government of tha United States. I did not abjure
the love of my own Slate, nor of my adopted State, but
high above that was proudly triumphant and predominant
my love fur our common country." His speech
was continued with a fervor that held his hearora enthralled,
and amid his remarks tha following words alee
fell from hi* lips:?"When the rebels ootr.o to their senses
we will receive them with open arms; but until thnt
tiiae, while they are trailing our glorious banner ia
the dust, when they scorn it, condomn it, oursa
it, ami trample it under foot, I must smite, and in
God's name I will smite, and as long as l have
strength 1 will do it. e e I am ready,
God help ma, to do my duty. I am ready to fight ia tho
ranks or out of tho ranks. Baring bsen educated la tho
Academy, having bow iu lbs army several years, having
served aa a commander of a volunteer company for tea
years, and having served as aa adjutant general, I feel I
am ready fSr something. I enly ask to be permitted to
act: and, in (Jed's name, give me eossethiog to dot"
The cheers that greeted lite cloee of his fervid remarks
will long be remembered by those who beard tbeaa.
The rush to arms had oommenced, and on the 9th of
August, 1861, Ormaby M. Mitchel wan commissioned a
Brigadier General of Volunteers. The boner of his appointment
was conferred on the State of New York. He
was Ihen ordered to report to the commander of the new
Department of the Ohio, which o on braced hit native
State. Many of the loyal Kfntuckians rushed to hie
standard, and we soon And him in command of n brigade,
nest a division, and next a column of General BueH'n
foroes. Ha bad previously been under the commands
of General* Anderson and Sherman, tn (bag
department. The dash with which he made
bis brilliant entry into the rebel works at Bowling
Green bss not yet been forgotten, and cireumstanees
mora than himself had prevented him from coming
moro prominently before the publio ere thin event. By
the results it it plain that after the occupation of Noahvilla
be moved down the railroad leading from that oity
to Chattanooga, where he was doubtless expected, but
suddenly, end without any previous notice of his movements.
w# Dud bis force to have turned on to n branch
line to Fayetteviile, and, by a grand forced march acroas
*1 <? ?t*? in nnseoaeinn e\t t nninft c%f th*Sr
main Southern trunk line of railroad?the rebela.'
principal route of communication?midway between
their two principal points of occupation at Chattanooga
and Corinth. Here he seized a quantity of rolling atook,
and by its aid be securod "one hundred milea ef the
railroad." Although the rebels might hare conquered
a email force at a junction or railroad
station, or might hare aurroouatod the
difficulties of a broken or burned railroad bridge,
it will not be quite aa ee v for them to arrange en
thoroughly an organised plan tbat would enable them to
regain one hundred milea of road in possession of determined
Cnion troope. But General Mitchel ia not done
yot. We shall again hear of him.
General Mttchel, like many of our more prominent
generals, ie also an author. He hae aent forth to the
aurld several of the finest astronomical worka, aome of
which have been reprinted ill popular form in England
end on Ibe European continent. Hie "Planetary and
Stellar Worlds" and Ins "Popular Astronomy" (published
by Blakeman ft Mason) bavc become text books, and bin
"Astronomy of the Bible''la now In tbe press. He baa
also written three other works that we hare been made
a>'<|tiainteii with, but which we believe have not yet
been published.
Tax Kins Attr??'Tit* Bant.* Brnwa nut Meanivac aim
run Moitnon.?We have received from Hatch ft Co., Ho.
in William atre"t, a copy of a beautifully designed and
neatly exeouted colored engraving, thirty six by twentylour
Inches, of "the splendid vlclory of tbe Ericsson battery.
Monitor, disabling the rebel battery Merrlmso.tca
guns, and steamers Jeinestown and Yorktown." Tbe
picture also erabraoea our noble frigate, the Minnesota,
In full opei ai ion, and the brave old linking Cumberland,
Ogbtmg to tha last.
The Hew Bankrupt Bill.
TO THE KPITOlt Of THE tiERALP.
Nsw Yo?x, April 17, lMft
After so untiring devotion to business In this city f0?
.... thirtr veers. I now find my fortune ehipwteoketft
and myself a bankrupt, with ivory protpect of going to
my grave leaving my rarnily in poverty and frieodieee,
without Congreaerellevee rayeelfand other unfortunate*
by the paevage of a bankrupt aot. Our repreeentative*
m congress are well aware that una of thousand* of th*
moat active bualneee men ef the country mutt remain
proofed (town, unable to move, ere* to. provIda bread
for their familiee, until euoh an act paaeee; and it would
be well the public should know who M it that oppoo?>*
s,jell a bill, and It would eeom to m* Ita fnamia should
gel It in ouch a poaiiio* that tno yoaaaod uaya be take*
on it eud ihe nameo published in your widely oirculated
journal. Your powarful intluenct, exerted through your
pros* in it# Tavor, wotild command th* gmtilmtn of thou.
Studs. A Sl^fcJC H1BKH SINCE 1840.
Pe rents a I Imtellgessee.
Captain Strong and fam'/lv, of the United Slate* Nary;
Rot das. Aborrroinble, llnft!nnora; Colonel R. IV. I.*e,
of the MaeaauhoMll* TvAmiotb Volunteer*; Mr*. Lee and
Ml** !.*?, of Hue ton- Manuel More, J. 1'eroi audJoea
Monde/ do Castro, of,Cuba; Jameo C. C. Perrlo and wife,
or Middlrtown, (>/fin., K. MensW of Now York; .1. It
lta*brnuck,of K .ngiton, ,lohn W. Candler, of Ro*tou,and
N. A. Haven, <,( Chicago, art stopping at the Kveiett
Hon**.
Captain, nonapari* rntleraoa ha* (April 2) arrived at
Mai seizes from Algiois.

