The Mis* Nightingale, which arrived on Monday, had
aboard Captain Cooper, master of the ship John A.
Bark,of Hallowed. which tho Alabama bod destroyed.
A riot took place at Asbtou, bat no serious consequences
resulted. 13,000' or 14,000 people congregated in the
Create. A rumor was uiloat that they intended to de
troy the gas works and (ire the mills. A later despatch
ays that the rioters have returned to Stuleybridge, and
all who ipiiei
The Loudon Tiniei says ?
The happy confidence which hoe arisen out of the peaceable
behavior of the unemployed operatives in l^ucashire
has received a shock by the occurrences in Stuleybridge.
The character of the outbreak bos become the mure
terming by tbe renowal of disorder and violence After ]
Uu apprehension ol' many rioters and tbe committal of
twenty nftm to tbeassizoe, and by tbe apparent inability
ef Dm authorities to make their power respected by the
Mb.
The Prince and Princess of Wales are on a visit to ber
bleat; at Windsor Castle, but were soon to leave for I
aadringb&m (fall,
lbs Africa arrived at Liverpool on tbe 22d nit.'
Bm City of New York arrived at Liverpool on tbe 34tb
h
the amebicah wae.
The (^ntMlsa of ftecegalmlhf Use Com fedares
tea Before tile Britleb Homae of Cona oema?Speech
of Borl Rweeell?Preach
la terve allow, die., dee.
la the House of Lords on tbe 33d ult.,
Lerd Campmu. called attention to the question of aehnowiedglag
tbe Southern confederacy as an independent
Power in connection wltb ether neutral States. HecognlSten,
be contended would lake away tbe last bote of tba
North et subjugating tba South, and would materially
MMaaa tbe federal government In oomlnf to an arrange
MM with their opponents if those opponents were
sees hehea <m as an mdepandeot Power by foreign
mpv. mm uiuueaauas mr ma view am guatea HH
?mdliiih at U>? Culled SUM by Franc*, of Ik*
auth Ateerioan republic* by England. mod of Portugal
4b 1M1 by various Kuropeen Powars and urged that tea
lMill ibwii, by Ibaur silence, implied a belief la lb*
aateble p*w*r of lb* North to lubdn* the Southern
lull*, and put both parti** tharabytaa fab* poaittoa
the opinions of UUs country, and of Franco and Holland
bad b**o aoArtantly m*al/o*t*d by lb* rac*nt loan rala*d
far Ik* Confederate*, wall* military m*e bad *l*o ?z
pressed thatr ooorlctloa that tb* eooqaeet of tbo South
wee Impossible. Ho ref*rrod to a yarloly of coonldorattens,
both moral and material, which ought to laiueuee
bar MM*lyt govarnmeut la recognising th* Soul be r?
acaC*d*r?cy, and concluded by observing that If reoog
UtloD w*i* withheld, tb* war wo*Id a*y*r b* braugbt to
*a?ad.
UMABK8 or KAKL KCtflCLL.
brl Riasiux?My lords, 1 auppo** there Sao member
of *ltb*r House oi Parliament who does not wish for a
termination oi the civil war In America. (Hear, bear ) It
disturbs commerce, It intarferca with the peace of the
w*rM,aad It afflicts America herMir?(bear, bear)?and
V anything could be useful, aad, I must add, Justly done
o bring that war lo a tarmiuatloo, I repeat there la no
member of either House of Parliament, there is no p*r*oo
la lb# country, who would not gladly see loch a c>naum
teattoo. (Hear bear ) But, alter having listened to my
aabt* friend, 1 mart coofeaa I remain In the name per sua
atoo aa before at the pret-enl moment?and I apeak only
of tb* praaaat mumaal? that there at nothing this couotry
could do uaofully and wlaaly which would tend
to lbs termination of th* tootlHtlee on the other
aM* of tb* Atlaatle. (Hear, hear.) My noble friend
baa somewhat mixed different topics, aad be Una
alludad to three different modes of mturvautiua In th*
aflhira of other countries. On*, which is tb* minimum
*f Interference. that of ad vie*, good odious aad mediation:
aaotbar, tea mod* propoaed by my nabia irtaud, tbst of
vocagaltiea. and tb* third, one which we have sometimes
saaarted to, and which other natioua have more frequently
bad recourse to?that of forcible intervention. My noble
Maod say a. and says truly, that since I had the honor of
addressing the House last summer there has been some
dtvwrgaoc* between the vleara of the government
ol this country and that of the Emperor of the
Fruwch The gnvurnmcut of the k'raperor <M the Frencii
auMetved thai M Might land to tb* terminal Ion of tbe
war if three Powers? Kr.inoe, i.reat Hritalu did
KasaW warn !< propose a suspension of arm* with aview
*f negotiation h-tweeu tbe two beliigerauta. Her Ma
Maty a gnverunsaiii, altar carefully examining that
proposition, uuua to tbe conclusion that Its adoption
by ua would not be likely to lend to Its acceptance
by lite government *1 the Pnlted Slates of America.
wniie, oy canning irniMwu. h wwuia nm uirruw out ai<
kMi the ch ince? of our teeing a termination of tbe oou taM
The French government ha< proceeded In acr<irdeace
with lie ?Wwt. ami ban actually proioaed 10 the go.
Ttranwnl of the United >!>lat<-e to negotiate with the
Soathern State*. That proportion b n not beeu a<1<>pfel
and I think y<mr lordabipe will lodge from what hm> happawed
with reference to tbe propneale of France, and with
refereoce to anggeatlona thrown ?ut in other i ountrleu,
that any Inlerlerem # on tbe part of tbta country w?uH
aaly have tended to aggravate the evlie of the preeent lamentable
mate of affaire in America (Hear, hear) It
da* not appear at tbe preeent tnwneut thai thia content
weald be likely to be terminated by an offer of
nee rend officer f aav at the nr^wnl moment
because it to Impassible to my that. In tlte course of
events, s Ume may not hum when both the contend
ing parties would be desirous of the gnrvi <>moss
?r wise counsels of friendly Powers. | do not see any
probability of that st this moment, bat t ?inb to guard
myself against being supplied lo s|>eas positively of the
fum e (Ileer hour ) We <vme, tben, to the course
proposed nr mF noble friend?namely, thut of rerogni
tarn. Mf noble frieud alluded to several case*? not very
bappy illustrations of his arsumrui. I thins?m which
the I nrted Stales of America have recogol/ed Insurgent
< oontriea which tbey believed lisely to be able to main
tain their Independence, due was ihe revolted State of
Hungary, whose Indeiwndence had sunk like the Island In
the Mediterranean It bad disappeared before the deep
li h reached Vienna by which the Polled 8tales rerngnlasd
W. Another Instance re'erred to by mv noble
fre-nd scari'ely corner within the category, though it
baa been qnond by a gentleman who has writ
on some very able toilers under the into of .
fcHisturtcu ''?I mean the rerogollton of Wie t oiled
Hues themselves hv trams two years aTler
the wsr with thi- vountry bad bogus. If any one
will esamme that precedent. and ihe important dor u-.
menls whn b have lately oome lo light.be will see thai
'he trend. uiBar. li> o| the day had, most untorInnately
for toolf, been excilu.g democrat* paeons in Amerna.
Slid had bean endeavoring to ra se oiipositton liters to lbs
t vernmenl of final Hrltam It had | repared means of
ouoert with thxie Male-- and evan in the letter, s<. .our
teoos in sppwa-ance. but ao exceedingly hostile and bitter
in lie -i irft, written by the triuch Ambaeeador, it was
state I that the French government had not only made a
treaty of commerce with the I olted Mates, but farther,
that tbey bad ? right to carry that treaty Into affect. if
oeaee?arv , ev.-r I y ore*. This was a Ihieat to take |?n
to the war be-a.-.-ii .',-aal Britain ami her revolted rolo
ntoa Bu we know thai besides.thto open threat there
wee a serret treaty signed, bf which France lent
her support lo Ibe revolted provinces, ami the
oppeait-on of thto vountry, which was tben as
deeded as ever say optmsition was. agreed that lbs
three! was noe of war, and that by war only could it he met.
The was i at a cam m recognition but a esse of later
(brass* It was. 1 tblnk.a m.st oniusullahle interior
* m*?,an steriver.ee for the purpose of spreadlsg those
democratic principles which aftsrwerns reacted no
France sod produced ? many exnesoes aad crimes dortog
Uto revotutm*. (Haar.bsar). Well, then, with rsmwd
(d the ether cases to which my nobis frteod has si
fnded those of Pr*ta*ai sad Mb I land, warn eases of ford
his later rmlw There to birdlv move list cms mas
NEW Y01
to which U?e question was limited to simple reesgwltteta- thai
was tbe *rr carried ou between Spain and hoi re
Y' lied cokiuiea. which went uu 'nun 1*08 10 IbfSl or 1U-I
without any I.ropinal lor a IOC gnitlen. thtr taee is one
worthy tin- attention of your lordshipa, In?auso it wan
Illustrated by the mild wisdom of laird lanrDowne, by tho
pro; i.?<! research of Sir Janus Marsiu tosh and by the
dai/iing geuiua of t aiming. We have thcrcftro upon
Mils ipieatn n of recognition as much light ae can pensibly
he thrown upou any subject Now I beg to refer
your lordships to ibe words oi Lord Lausdowne. He was
imi s for the recognition of the South American provinces,
be thought it would he a great advantage to thw
country to recognise them, and he wat.cntlfely free from
any tiamniels of oll.ee or any obligation to consult the in
terestsol the Mouther of the day. But with that wisdom
and forbearance which charm terhe.l every act of his
public Hie?(hear, bear)?he stated that the fhet'thing to
se considered wag fbe right, and be went on thus ?It will
be my duty thie inula to point o il to your lor'shtps the
gieil artvautges which may result from tbo establish
meat of Smith American independence. 1 hope I shall
uever stand up in this H?use to recommend j our ord-hips
to adopt any course of policy Inconsistent with those
prlucli>les 01 right which are paramount to all expediency,
and which emu: osc that greul law of natkiusnny de| arlure
from which, to answer a selfish and ambitious policy,
never fails to recoil upon ite uutbors " (Hear, hear.)
These are words upon which this House msy well reflect^
(bear, hear*?and we may well consider upon what
grounds L rd I.indsdowne lounded the views which I have
iust brought under the notice of your I'rdsbips. In the
firs: p ace, he stated it was necessary that a country
which required to be regognlzed should have established
its independence In tbo next plac t, that it sbouid be
able hi maintain that independence for the luture. and,
lastly, that It should be able to carry on with all fbreign
nations these relations or peace and amity which form
the general international law of the world. Now, exam
ine the slate 01 the revolted proviocee Of Spain at that
time, as Sir James Mackintosh and as Mr. Canning did.
We find that the groater port of South America bad bean
some twelve or fourteen years entirely free from tbo
presence of Spanish armies. We find that with regard to
these provinces in which that was not absolutely tho casensmely,
Mexico, were Vera Crux alone was occuuied by
a Spanish garrison, and Peru, where there were
4 ,C<10 or f> .000 Spanish troops, although the cause of Spain
seemed hopeless, It was agreed that their recognition
should be deferred, ana that only in the case of Buenos
Av res and those parts of Booth America which had clearly '
and for a number of years established their independence
would tt be right for Great Britain to proceed to
the step of recognition. Besides this, Mr. Canning
took care to inform the' Spanish Minister that
such recognition would not be very long delayed;
that If the Spanish, government wished to recognize
them they ought to take that step, and that Great
Britain was willing to give time before proceeding to recognize
them herself. (Hear.) Well, here is a great precedent
for our consideration?here is a step takeu by the
government of the day after considerable care and
examination?here Is a course recommended by the opposition
of the day, not in any harsh spirit, but notwithstanding
the conviction which the country generally entertained
that the cause of Spain was hope I one and that
the independence of those provinces waa flrmty established.
(Hear.) Well, now, if we look to the preeoot
position of North America and compare It with that of
the Stales of which l ord Lanadowne spoke, we Una that
the war in North America is still carried on with the
utmost vigor?1 had almost said with the utmost fury.
We find some of those provinces which were the first to
proclaim their Independence?a great part of Louisiana,
New Orleans and the banks of the Mississippi?occupied
by the fcdoral armies. There are very considerable federal
armies menacing cities of the confederation, such as
Charleston and Savannah. So thai no man c.aD say il Is a
case of hopeless war. For my part, and speaking according
to my limited vision, I do not believe those efforts of
the federals will be success! ul. But no man can say that
the war is finally over, or that the independence of
the Southern States Is established. (Near, hear) Well,
then, what is the present stale of the case? Although
greui efforts have been made in vain, the great federal
republic seems unwilling to accept the decision of
events so far from it, we find the lost acts of the Con
gross which has nst expired are to place, by conscription,
every man fit to carry arms at the disposal of the
President of the United flutes, and to vote sums of money
amounting to do less thun ?180,000.000 sterling lor the
puri>' se of carrying on the war. Well, then, in this slate
of ufiau s 1 should say that, looking to the question of right,
it would not be a friendly art towards the United States,
It would not be to fulfil our obligations to a country with
which we have long maintained relations of peace and
arniiy?a groat country which says it can still carry on
the war?It would, 1 say, be a failure ?f friendship on onr
part if at this moment we were to interpose and recug.
di/c the Southern states. 1 have endeavored to guard
myself by saying mat 1 speak now with rele
rence to the present aspect of affairs. 1' hardly
know any moment in which my noble trtcod could
have brought forward his motion with less en coo rape
ment from events. It may turn out that these immense
snorts wnicn are being made Mull be mode iu rain: that
the spirit of the South is unconquerable as their determination
never to be united again with the Northern States
is final and irrevocable, and that a time may come when
the duty of this country will be totally different from
what it is at the present moment. All 1 maintain is, that
it is our duty at present to stand still and not to proceed
to an set so definite, so positive?an act so unfriendly to
tns United States as that of the recognition of the South.
(Hoar, hear.) My noble friend spoke of various topics?
01 danger of Canada being attacked by the Northern re
public, and of the West Indies being attacked by the
Southern. My lor da, 1 oannot follow my noble friend
into those suppositions. 1 do not venture to say
whet may be the future oourse or events. I con
fine myself to that which I think to be our daty now?
(hear, bear)?wbieh I think to right, and if that be eo, we
lnuet he content ip.future.days to meet with future daagsrs,
aed It will not enfeeble our arms if we bave it m
onr power to reflect that we have never failed in oar obligations
to thoee which have been greet 8tatee in peaoe
and amity with us, and that It haa not boon through any
fault of ours that* great affliction bee fallen on them.
(Cheers.) Well, my lords, I know not that there Is
anything m what my oohla friend baa said to-night which
would maka it naaasaaiy fbr ma togamach farther into
this question; bat at the same Ume there ware parte of
his speech la which be referred to former ocsaefcoa and
former Instances of interference en oar part, as If my
noble friend end some of those who looked forward to
his motion to-night expected that there should be soma
interference on our part in this war. Nbw, 1 with
to say only a few words upon that which we have
done In former days by way of Interventtou. We. too,
like other Mutee. have at times taken upon us to intervene.
Wc interfered In the esse of Hoilaad to save her
from the religious tyranny sad political despotism of
Philip 11. That contest was hallowed by the blood of Sir
I'hlllip Sydney, and by the pai t we look we contributed
to her independence. In another ease?the case uf Portugal?we
interfered. Charles I., Cromwell, Charles n.. all
agreed in that Interference. W e declared ourselves reedy
to ceud teu thousand men to the eld of the new government
of Portugal, and we helped the Portugese to relieve themselves
from the Spanish tyranny under which they
groaned, and to establish the independence of their
State In more recent limes, when Greece cDdeavored
to establish her independence, we aided her la her contest
with Turkey: we reHCued her from the destruction which
threnlened her, end helped her to found a free and Inde
pendent monarchy. Hue the case of Belgium again.
When the Heigtaaa declare.I that they were unable to
remain under the government of Holland, In aoeord.
ance with the treaty of Vienna, we interfered by force, io
conjunction with France, and the wise and happy arrangement
was made by which the freedom of Belgium was
secured. Now. my lords, in all these Instances, whether
the intervention was carried on by our ancestors or in
our <>wu times, there is nothing of which an Knglishtnan
need ho ashamed. (Hear, hoar.) If wo have taken part
in Interventloot. It has been in behalf of the wdepeudcuce,
freedom, aod welfare of a great portion of mankind.
I should be sorry. Indeed, if there should bo any
intervention on the part sf this country which could bear
another character. (Cheers ) 1 trust that this will not be
the care, and that no Interests, dceplv as they may affect
us?interests which imply the welibemg or a great portion
of oar people, but Interests which may alteciaiso the freedom
sad happiness of other pan* of the globe?will Induce
na pi set an example different I rem that of our ancesiora,
but that when we ara bound to lutartero It
will be an laterfereore In the OMSS of liberty and to promote
the ireedora of mankind a* we ha v - hitherto done
In such cases. (Hear) It is with i his eon \ .-Hon that t
ffiiva addressed these few remarks as to win! has been
done by this country in former days, and lt:ufika!
wttk refiorrf to tkii riiil tour in America it>. >?<?? bt
oHt to i oiUtmit onr tat; atHal and tietifrof course l in end
upon H. my lords, ibst If that war Is to cease, it if far
belter it should c ease by a couviciion, both ou the part of
the North and the"ffotilh. that lb?y can never live again
happily as one community and one republic, and thai the
termination of hostilities can never be brought about by
the advice, the mediation or the Interference of any Furo
l>ean Power (Cheers.) I repeat. 1 have spoken only of
the duly of the government at the present lime, and I
trust ihat there will be no further debate on this sebject
. LnI cheers )
Alter a few words from Lord Campuhj.the subject
dropped.
Mississippi Repudiation.
LETTER PROM MR. RLIDRLL?MOT JIFF. DAVIS, SIT
RKI'RRN DAVIS, A RBFl'WATOR.
The lAHidou limn says It Is satisfactory to find that
in* rrietiae of the rrmidnnl of the t .modem!# state* ar*
an noun to fre* him fmtn the charge of having been aa
udtocaie of the repudiation which bar D?w been prac
liaed for a quarter of a century by Ibe State of Misietam|i|il,
and the following letter, addrenaed by Mr. fMldell to
a (terminal correat-ondeni, will romtnand attention ?
Mr D? ? Hie?I am in. lined to think that people in London
eontound Mr Reuben Ua.ie, whom I baraatwa>a unite
re to* I to bare takau the iead on the question of renudla
lion, with Ptealdeai Da te. 1 am not a?arr tiiat the latter
waa ever In any way idenllned with that juration. 1 am
were confident that It wae not agitated during hlarancaie for
linrernac or durtna hu a<1mnl?t ration. The Pnlon Rank
bo'.da were .netted In direct flotation of an rxpreea coneUtutlonai
areeteien. There la a wide difference net we. n theae
hoada and thoae of the Plantera' Rank, for the repudiation of
which neither etriiee nor |?lltatlnn >an he offered. I feel
eery confident that Jefferaon Daela neeer app oced or Jnatifie.i
that repudiation What may hnee heen hte |>. Irate opt
nioaa of Ike relnael to oonatder Mlealanipiu hound to pr .eide
for the payment of the Unl*o Bank t.*nd? I do not know
' JOUR xl.lDKLL
THE POLISH INSURRECTION.
TWe le*at Battle of tit* laeargeat*? Plight
aad larreader ef UaflwIrei.
rbe lon ton T,mn of lh* 33d alt. eaya -The ieietllgonna
whtrb the latagraph ban bmogbt u? (Yowi Paland
laevea little mom to doubt that the unequal etruggle
which hat been protracted for two moaitm le virtually at
an end.
A telegram from Cracow of March 30 najre ?
lbe following are the detail* of the battle fought heIween
the Keentane and the loaurgwila corn mantled by
Ibaglewtc/ ?
The MM:# commenced on tb* Itth, near 'lag. art* The
cavalry and wagmm of the i neurit en la ware d taper ned
after a deeperate light, lengtewtca and hl? nt ifT dwnp
Ieared fmwt tb* be d during the engagement, which ceo
tinned till dart. The ecythawian end rhaneeura withdrew
to Vl-IU/a laagtewidm ami hit r-nde <r<-?ml Ibe Vw
tula in a amah veaeel aad gave ibeineeirea op le lb* Aim
Utaa hnenera. who deducted tbem to T?rwow
A telegram frod* OrtdoW ef March 31 eeyi _
After two aitvddugwv e eogagen,eoi?, oe. ta* 17ib a*4
IK. HKKALD, SATURDAY
18th, InngtewKs. ? corn p. m tea by a few oflhv.coaly, Ml
the rui|>, leaving the command to another oi1h.Fr Tbe
person supposed to b? kuflnrtll who w m arrested at
lhe iroutMT, nus boou taken to Leuibery. The waurgewa
ore appureutly not routed. On the tlth t.iera wm com
bat at .ug<is<K) on the 1Mb at Rusko. the victory wm
with tbo insurgents On the 19th tbare waa a skirmish
m the lo< *wi of Walicki. Ttfr Russians worn dgfveoout
of M
Another despatch from (Taoow or March 21 says ?
The.remaining portion of litngiewtcz's forces amounting
to one thousand. bad another engugemuel ao the
1.0th, and were defeated and dispersed. Part of IItent
look refuge ta (ialictu, while the remainder separated into
two columns and retreuied into the neighboring foreeta.
Last Jight two thousand insurgents ware stationed near
lb# Austrian frontier
A telegram hum t'raoow of March2 I sari ?
I atigiewM/.Wd his lera&ie aid ae camp, Mademoiselle
Paatowiu-kow, were conveyed iaat night from Tturuow to
Cbe fortress of Oraoow. Since yesterday evening nearly
seven hundred insurgents and one hundred horses have
been brought to Cracow. Insurgents are constantly cross
log the Austrian frontier Two thousand RussiansHnnuer
Gergery, are posted, with su gous, near Opt'towioe. Tba
Insi.rgcuts are betog pursued Into the forestaof the northwast.
Krissow. In Lublin, waa occupied by the insurgent chief
Czechowski on .the 20th. The insi -gents took possession
of tbe governmeul treasury. Tbe Russians withdraw
from the town.
A telegram of the 23d says further divisions of Polish
insurgents arrived at Cracow.
A piociuanution of tbe former Central Revolutionary
Committee of Warsaw, dated 21st, has been published,
announcing that the committee resumes Its functions on
conclude") by making an appeal to tb? people to take up
arras acaiUHt (be enemy. It Bays:?"When our brothers
re perishing iu such great numbers the place of every
Pole is lo the ranks of the national army."
A telegram from LeruBerg of March 23 says :?
The Warsaw revolutionary committee has again assumed
the direction or the Insurrection, Langlewlcs having
resigned die Dictatorship, in a proclamation warning Ibe
Insurgents ugninst the Indulgence of party spirk.
A despatch dated March 22 says;?
Nine hundred insurgents have crossed the frontier nesr
Cracow this morning They are in want of everything,
but are not beaten nor partook. Langtewlox Is In the
csettOAt Cracow. Tho insurgents sre Imprisoned. The
Czar does not think that'tho disappearance of the Dicta*
tor la of much Importance. Tin innnrrsction continues In
other parts.
Despatches received si the Ruseian embassy In Paris
confirm the news of the defeat of Langlewlcz, who was
conveyed to Tarnow. Tbe insurgents loot 440 ktiied and
64 taken prisoners.
Tbe news from Poeen of the entry of the Russian troops
Into Posen Is commented upon by the Paris papers. The
Opinion National* says:?
In traversing Poeen tbe Russians have pot Into execution
the convention of February 8.
A telegram from Paris of March 28 says:?
Prince Metter&ich arrived here from Vienna to-day.
He had an interview, lasting two hours, with M. Drouy n de
Lhuys, tbe Minister for Foreign Affairs.
'Hie Pays thinks that France has reason to congratulate
herself upou the favorable sentiments of Austria in the
negotiations for tbe settlement of the Polish question.
Tbe Constitutionnel formally contradicts tho news of
Russian troops having entered Prussian territory.
in the British House of Commons, on March 28, Mr.
Honnessy called attention to Poland. He wanted to
know what the government wore doing in behalf of Pn.
land. He contended that England had not only a treaty
right to Interfere In Polish affairs, but she was under s
moral obligation to do so.
Lord Palmerston na id that although this country had a
right to interiere, do engsgenieni had been entered into
by England in the treaty of VteuDa. winch imposed upon
England the obligation ot interfering by force of arms to
compel the execution of the treaty.
France.
LETTER FROM NAFOI.EON TO M. B1LLAULT.
The Monittur says ?The Emperor has addressed the
lollowing letter to M. Rillault:?
1 have just read your speech, and, as ever, have ocen
happy to find in you so faithful and so eloquent an inter
preter of my policy. You have been able to reconcile
the expression of my sympathies tor the cause dear to
France with the regard due to foreign sovereigns and
governments. Your words were on all points 1 n-nccorflame
with my meaning. ] reject any other interpretation
of my sentiments NAPOLEON.
The Mcnittur also says:?The news is entirely incorrect
that 12.000 men arebeiiig concentrated at Toulon, in order
to be aent to Mexico. The troops cxpecleCLat Toulon are
destined to Algeria.
The Gazette dt /Vance has received a warning.
The Paris correspondent to the London Timet says
"A circular from the relief committee of Mirtbouse shows
that the evil is spreading throughout Alsace, and 16,000
working men swell the list of those who have no wages
to depend npon."
The growing crops have n very healthy appearanoe.
Wheat roee 60c. a sack, and floor also advanced If. the
sack In the Paris market
The Bourse wis firm on Monday. Rentes closed at 00f.
30c
A telegram from Parle, of March 24, says?
A debate took place in the Senate upon the bill granting
extraordinary credits to the government. M. Fould stated
the expenses not foreseen by the regular budget have been
diminished, and the budget for 1803 has been regulated
under comparatively favorable circumstances. A coord
ing to the experiences of the dm two months the budget
of IMS WiUaMbrd a surplus of 70,000,000 francs.
Italy.
Fartnl la ill, and has gone to Boss.
Mlnghetti la likely to have the Presidency of the Ooun
en ana mimuj of jtnaiM*. raatiimrt rturtmem m
probable.
Perusal li lo have Ik* Foreign Aflhlrs, and Bpaventa ta?
Interior.
IMPORTANT dill OF TU IWIMI UMUM TBI
SKXF8 AJ? LAKDOWIOBS.
A despatch 1MB A. PMoreberg of March M nii?
Aa Imperial ufeaos MB baaa published to day abolishing,
for certain local rwaana, ail relatione of aa obligatory
character existing betweea the peasantry aad the landed
proprietors lo toe governments of Wiina, Orodao and
Minsk, and (bar dtetrieta at WHebak. Tba aniaai leathnc
of ib# peceeau k# to b# oouptotohr nflbmeil lb# akMi
forthar orders that from May l Beat the iitaaaaf are aa
longer to pay their rant to the landed proprietors, bat ta
the gorarament, which will Mae IT pay to the proprietors
the price at eananetimUoa.
Full datalla on this hand are aiatalrad In tba nBsaa
yiaanalal aad Oaasaieialal.
m LOMSOM MOMMT liun.
The London Weiss' city article of March 34 aayi:?Tha
nawa trow Poland, couple*with the nopa that the Eaaperor
oT Russia may seize tflk opportunity for a paclfleaUoo
of that country by generous measures, has imparted firmness
to-day ta the Eagllah f unda. aad tba mar hat has
likewise bean strengthened by tha Infiux of a large amount
of gold to tba bank. Tha demand for discount at tba
bank was act Ira, and la tba open market the general rate
la close upon the bank mini mow. In tha Stock Kx change
tha supply of money was rather abundant. About ?172,
000 waa taken to tha bank to-day, aad further large
amounts are expected.
. The Confederate loon baa experienced a slight reaction.
It opened at Saturday's price 4 a 4)4 premium, but closed
at >H a 4.
The only variation in American securities waa aa advance
of % In Illinois Central sterling bonds.
London, lurch 24?Kvantng.
The Engliah funda (bowed increased strength, and conanla
have baaa maintained at an advance of an eighth,
f oaaola atoned at 93* a W. and 9-2* tor April S. The da
tnand for diaoount at the bank waa limited. la the Htock
Exchange the rata for abort toana waa 2* a 4 per mat.
The Confederate loan haa fluctuated cooaidarably and
haa cloeed at a further reaction; it waa finally quoted at
2 a 2* premium.
French ronton advanced *. Are quoted 09T. Mo.
Krle paid up and preference aharea declined * and 1
reapectlvety do. let mortgage, 6, and 3d, 4tb and 6th
mortgagee, 1 each I'ennaylvanla Railroad, let mortgage,
and Illinoia Central dollar bond*, 1 each, do. aharea, *,
Virginia atzea, *.
l.IVKXKI'OOI. COTTON MARXIT?MARCH, 23.
There la a better tone mam rented, and aales reached
8,000 balea, 3,000 on apeculatton and export. Prteee are
ateadler.
Mam-i 24?flalee of 4,000 balea, 2,000 on apeculatton
aad export. Prteee Arm.
LONDON CORN MARIIT?MARCH. 23.
Market dull and prteee of laat week were barely tup
ported.
L1VKRFOOI. CORN MARXRT?MARCH 24.
Wheat declined 2d. a 3d. per cental. Flour 0d. per
barrel tower. Indian corn waa In good demand , mixed,
28s. 3d.; white uaobanged.
TBI LATXNT MARKKTN.
IjNxarooL, March 24, IMS.
conox orm iM unchanged, aalea, two day a, 10,000
balaa, of which a peculator! and axportara took 6,000
balaa. The Manchester market la firmer but unlet.
Baaaiwrvrra ?Richardaan, Spenoe ? Co., Wakefield.
Naah k Co. and otb4*. report ?Kloor dull, and declined
nd.. Amer oan quoted'dla. a Me. Wheat Irregular, and
all qualities altghtly lower, rpl Weetaro, Sa. aSa. &d., red
Sou the an, 0a Od ava. 8d., white Weatern, M.M a 10*.
white Southern, 10a. a 11a torn quiet and eaaier; mixed,
88a. 3d.; white, Ma. 64. a81a.
Paoviamm.?The aame autborltlea quote beef a lead v
Pork nominal Hacon quiet but ?toady. Butter nominal.
Lara dull and unchanged. Tallow flat.
Paotirru ?Roam quiet at 26a.. aplrlta turpentine qulot,
but ateady, at 116a a 190a. Sugar inactive t olToe ateady
Kice ateady Anbaa quiet; pota 80a., pear la sia Petroleum
flrmar; aula* at la 44. a la. 6d. for refined
Braehlya City Rewi.
mklanob01.t oocdbmmcn?two mix 81 ppocatkd ik
a rout climax.
About two o'clock yeatarday afternoon a dreadful acoi
dent took place In the rear of No. M Carli atreet, near
Myrtle ayenua. raaultlng In the euflbcatkm of two men
and tba aerloaa injury af two othera. A laborer. named
Joan Mofilnneea, waa enraged la cleaning out a cittern.
The wall* broke and (be foul air of an adjoining privy
penetrated through Motilnneea, having descended to the
bottom, waa almoet Inetantly auflhcaird Mr .lohn Hoonell,
realdtng In the Immediate vicinity, came to tba aid
or Motiinpeaa, and, daaoendlng into to ibe fatal plaoa, kwt
all coiiacfbuaaeot and hank to the bottom Another neigh
hor, Mr. John Hearty, came next, fallowed by Mr.
Samuel Mocnm They eleo weal down to help ihe inhere
out. and ware themeelvee rendered Inaennble. The
xtreerdioary oeoutreoce ma attracted a large crowd,
and Mr Kenny, anted by aome other* and
having the experience of ' the unhtrienate mm
before him. procured a rotw and managed n> hotel ap
llearey and Mncum. eho were yet alive but jerfectly
aeneelom. Ibe latter revived after a eho-1 um?, m d waa
rondu'ted to in* home lleaiey waa inkm to the City
lloeoitai, and lb- re were eome double lael evening of bkl
recovery MoRinneee end I nuneH were beuied out dead.
The iamity of Mctllnne?* live at N- |u? liudarh avenue,
and thai of r onneii coteieting of a wife and four mwll
children at Me Oil OirD vtreat Tne faaiillea m Uub ibe
dMdeaoC are man extreme elule or deeiituten Aa Inqueal
on the bodie* wae be d by tYnmer Her -m in, end,
the enuae lem^evden a veidetof 1 a-ait by eolb
Utah" wae renderrd The laivrt wae aho.it eevau I ret
dawn, and la a ??vv foul Itef uea
', APRTL 11, 18C3.-THU'LE
I WE MUVtTfEB AUBIM*.
i 1
IfirUl lm?pMiMN M*?m Karl
ImH ud <fcii?lnrl?a UlufeIcr
hi lomioo,
he*, to., to
BAM. wwiu to MB. isuu.
fouKM Onm, Ju. 34, IMS.
But?It la impoeaiblo for ma 10 leave ?about mum
, aomo of the statement# contained to jour letter of the
30th ultimo.
These statements contain or Imply a grave charge
aguinst tier M^eetj's government. You apeak of the
"admilted tact of. a violation of a atatute of thla kingdom
Intended to prevent IU-dtepoaod persons from in
volvtng it In dlfheultj, by oeumittlog wanton and Injurious
assaults upon foreign nations with which It Is at
peace, of which her Majesty'a Ministers are Invited to
take cognizance; of which thoy do take ijognizance, so
far as to prepare measures of prevention; but which, t?y,
reason of circumstaneee, wholly within thslr own coo"
trot, they do not prevent In season to save the Justly
complalning^ierty from serious injury, on the substantial
nolnta nf the caaa. little room eeems left onen for dia
cuss ten."
On tlio substantial points ef Iks case, *s stated by you,
there Is, on the contrary, great room loft open lor dus
cuss ion.
I must ask I rat, what are the circumstances within the
control of the government to which you allude? Do you
mean that her Majesty's government in construing a
penal statute, or In carrying into effect the provisions of
a penal statute, were to hurry at once to a decision, and
to seise a ship building and fitting out at Liverpool without
being eat lafie>l by evidence that the provisions of the
Foreign Enllstmaat act had boon violated In the ease of
such vessel? Do you moon that her Majesty's government
were to dispeoee with proof, and to indict injury
upon the Queen's subjects by seizing a ship upon your
mere assertion that the owners of that ship were violating
the law?
If such Is yonr meaning, 1 mast reply that the government
of this country respect the law. They do uol seize
upon property to the loss and damage of its owners without
proof that they are legally entitled to do ao.
Perhaps yonr mesuing is that her Majesty's government
shonld have proceeded on the opinion of Mr. Collier
without waiting for other authority.
But, here again, I must reply, that the usage of this
country requires that tbe government should consult
their own legal advisers, and obtain the opinion of the
law officers of the crown before they" proceed to enforce a
penal statute.
If yon mean to contend, therefore, that a nation In n
state of profound poace should set aside tbe formalities of
law, and act at once upon presumptions and surmises, 1
entirely differ from you. 1 may remind you that
evidence sufficient to satisfy a court of law as to
the "eqaipment" or "fitting out" of a vessel for warlike
purposes, aud of ita actual destination, is not obtainable
without difficulty.
If you mean that her Majesty's government wilfully de
lay oil or neglected me measures oy wuicn mo cuaructer
ol ttio Alabama could havu boeu legally aaoerUluod, 1
must give a positive and complete denial of the truth of
any such assertion. liheoptn.on of tue law officers, until
the receipt of which her Majesty's government could not
act, wun delivered at the Foreign OUlce on the 29lh of
July; but In the morning of that day the Alabama, under
pretext of a pleasure excursion, escaped from Liverpool.
With regard to the very different circumat mces ol 179A
and 1794, those circumstances are recorded In history. It
is notorious that M. Genet, the French Minister to the
United Slates, fitted out privateers in the ports of the
United Stales; that he boasted In bis dispatches or tbo
captures of British vessels which those privateers bad
made, and that he procured a sham condemnation of those
vessels captured in, neutral ports. It is notorious, also,
that he enoeuvored to muke tbo United States the basis
af ills operations aud attempts to raise rebellions against
England in Canada, and against Spain in Louisiana.
According to your own account the United States pur
poseiy delayed togive any redress to the complaints made
by the British government of the eaptures of British
merchant vessels, because they .fell unwilling to act ou a
policy of repression till they bad given doe notice of the
construction tbey put upon a treaty offensive and deien
sive with France, which bad been quoted in defence of
the depredations committed est British commerce.
It Is evidant that by so acting the United States government
deliberately made themselves parties in the interval
to the proceedings carried on in their own ports, and the
same government, with the sense of Justice which distinguished
thorn, made compensation afterwards for the
Injuries inflicted under cover and protection of their ewn
flag, and promised to exclude French privateers "from
all larther asylum la their porta."
Id Mr. Jefferson's letter, quoted by you, he says ?
' Havina for narLicuUr rMioni for born* to n? all tha
BMW to oar power tor the restitution," he- Here is the
injury staled, sod here srs the grounds why it was per
mtUed.
But tbs British government have given no asylum to
belligerent privateers bringing prises* Into British ports.
They have no particular reason to allege 1 be& buve not
i forborne to use all the means In their power. They have
used all the means they could una oooalatently with the
i law of the land, and byno fault or theirs those means in a
single Instance proved ioe0naela?s. There wen no want
of a statute to snfMeevnsr of a frtttto enforce it; evidence
was wanting, andVn authority to decide upon that
l evidence, till K was too 1st*. Bet her Msleetya governmeat
cannot promise the United States to act without evtdaaeeaoiMio
disregard the hgal authority of thsir own
ha to etbar points we ars nearly agreed, sefar as the
law of nations Is concerned. But with respect to the
statement in your latter that large supplies of various
kinds have bean asnt from this country by private speculators
for tbs use of lbs Confederates, 1 have to observe
that that statement is only a repetition in detail of a part
of the assertion made in my previous letter of the 10th
ultimo, that both parties la the ?vil war have, to the
extent of their wants and means, induoed British sublasts
to violate the Que^sds proclamation of the 13th of
llAV. llfll. which forbids kar aiihtMt* fmm aflhadtnnr
such supplies to either party.
It Is bo doubt true that s neutral may ruralah, as a
matter at trade, supplies of arms and warlike stores im
partially to both belligerents in a war, and it was not on
the ground that such acts were at variance with the law
of nations that the remark was made In the former note,
tut the Queen having issued a proclamation forbidding
her subjects to aflbrd such supplies to either party in the
civil war, her Majesty's government are entitled to oompialn
of both parties for having induced her Majesty's
subjects to violate that proclamation, and their oomplaiat
applies most to the government of the I'd I ted states, because
It IS by that government that by far the greatest
amount of such supplies have been ordered and procured.
I do not propose to discuss othsr collateral topics which
have beso Introduced, but In explanation of my former
letter I must say that I never meant to accuse you of
giving any encouragement to the enlistment of British
subjects in this country to serve Is the civil war unhap
pity prevailing In the united States.
But It Is notorious that large bounties have been offered
and given to British subjects residing In the United
Ma tee to engage in the war on the federal aids, and these
Hritieh subjects, acting in defiance or the laws of their
oewntry and of the Queen's Kroclsesiiisn, havs bssn em
oouragad by I ha United States government to est.
A recent and striking example of the open avowal of
this course of conduct on the pert 01 the United .-tales
government is to be found In the correspondente between
Mr. ssward.aad Mr. Stuart with reference to lbs crew at
the Sunbeam, In which, si though It dues not appear that'
any bounties ware offered, Mr. Seward has treated an en
deavor to induce British sailors to enlist In the belligerent
service of the United States as afford log uo ground of
complaint to bcr*MfiJaaty'i government. 1 am, fie.,
RL'HBkXU
MB. ADAMS TO KARL HUMKI.L.
Lbostioii or th* Uarret) Srins, 1
London, Jam. 26. IMS f
Mv lost1?I have the honor to acknowledge the recep
Uos of your Lordship's note of the 24th instant, In reply
to some portions of mine of the doth of la-t month, re
ipeeling the cans of the outfit from Liverpool of gunboat
So WO to dsprtdAK OB ibo commerce of the United
SUtM.
Your Lordiblp Is pleassd to raise s discussion ou the
following UMbndI made by bm. I quota the paragraph
as It stands In jour note ?
Tbs adtnlttsd fart of a violation of a statute of this king
dom Intended to prevent 111 disposed persutis from involving
It In dlltieulty, by committing wanton and Injurious assaults
I upon foreign nations with which it uat peace, ol which hir
Majesty's Ministers are Invited (b; a party Injured) to take
eogni/ance. of which they do take cognizance to far as to
prepare measures of prerenllon; but which, by reason > f
circumstances wholly wiihin in, tr own control, they do not
prevent In season to sava tha justly romplalnlng party Iro-n
serious Injury On the substantial points of tha case, tilth
room aesins Isft open for dlacnsalon
uut of my profound respect lor your lordship's repre
son tattoo I have reviewed tho whole of this paragraph
with the utmost care. I am compel lad now to cornea*
that i can perceive do ambiguity in the meaning sufllrlent
to justiiy any of (be imputations which your lordslilp
appears to ilealrs to raise trom It. Starting from s point
of moral obligation, to my view as strong between na
, Uooa an II M bolweso indlytduals, that injuries indicted
on an maooenl party, of which, If not prey en ted, It bar
a right to oomplalh, provided that it glee notice In tlmp
soaaunable for the application of adequate means of pre
I yenthw, should be so far an practicable repaired or oom
peiisalad for by the party that does the wroug. or suffers
It to be dor# by persons under lie control, I hare ap
Kg the gnoerai principle to the case before me The
thnt warning ha'd been given In rull season to pre
rent the departure of "No. 2W0" does not depend upon
my statement inasmuch as It Is simply a question of
I dales o|*o to the inspection of nil men. The fact that
tier Mejstly'f r were convinced of the ;nsl|rs"
of I be representation mad# Is patent from the determl
i nation to which your lordship admits that they ultimately
came to detail, the vessel. The iu?t that this dectslnn
wna no long delayed aa to fetl la offset log the object Ini
tended, whereby grant injury hue been actually done, and
Is yet likely to ensue, to the commerce ol the United
Mates. ? equally a question purely of dates Inasmuch
i as I base eenstltole the substance of the pnragrai U of my
I note to which eioepltoo In taken, t must confess myself
wholly at n Ions to i err sirs it|?n what ground any doubt
can further be rnimd ab- at It.
But your lord-hip proceeds to do me the honor to ad
dreaa a series eg questions In me ss to the passible mean,
log that may bo conveyed rn my language, which might
Imply, from Uie failure to act of her Majeny's govern
merit, m< lives i4 some kind or Oiber that I have not die
tloetly espreeeed. I must respectfully ask to be escueed
from entering urto any such Held of controversy. I rie
sire neither to m.rle charges nor to rum- unpin at lone . f
an unoeverSury nat ire to oosapliente the difficulties of
this (annul sub ert All that I deem it my duty to know
is a grievous wrong has be-u ib ne to an innocent and
friendly natlr-n, by what seem to. me to have been
a meet snf rtunale de'ay in efl< rting a preven
lion ib.il leisr e\p.rte?x-e ooocl siv< ly shoe* <ughi to'
have been studied m tiaae id the r.?-one line ore vest
! SI1KKT.
ed such en aiqrttcatioa, inasmuch ue no?t of them could 1
have grown owl m tliecourae ui the injured parly, I have
to *iata loeulor tntoe discussi-ia* The principle of ) a
tt< e to net merely tb.it right should be done, but that It |
should be sufficiently prompt hi effix t l?< object, other [
hum it w.,uetic(' denied Upon thi?y un contoul to rely
wa it Is probable thai I may receive at au early mo
steal fur I her instructions fr in my goyirument in rex|ir<jt ;
to the substantial poiul involved in the present corivsCadeooc.
I deem It unadvisaolo farther to take up your
debtp'silme by enlarging the lim la ol the discussion
ol purely incidental questions. I dedre to express my
obligation to you for the ro.dy and full manner m which
your lordship ban cxcueraled me from ibe suspicion of
encouraging lite enlistment of her MaS aty's subjects tu
the service of Ibe I'nlied States. At the game time it is
not without regret th it I perceive the charge still persevered
in agnmet tbo gnvornmont ot? the United states. If
I understand your lordahip aright, it is now affirmed that
' because the government offers large bounties on nulls'
mi nt lit the United Stales, and because British suti.oots
In lbs United Stales, templed by these bounties, do occasionally
enlist, tbor< lore your Icrdahlp is justified tu hu>
log affirmed. In your former note, t9St the government of
the United States, systematically and in disregard of the
comity of natioiiH, induced them to enlist. As well might
I, in my turn, In view of the frequent applications m-alo
to mo to procure the discharge of cittzeua of the United
Slates who have beeu tempted in the same manner to enlist
In her Majesty's nor vice In this kingdom, assume the
existence of a similar policy. Further than the pri soned
VI ti KQUCI iU UUCT 1 uv UVV IH'ILCiyC VUAI J ?ui iviusuip o
reference lo the action ol Mr Seward, of which I am not
In a situation to speak authoritatively, appears to extern!,
further than this, I must still continue to disclaim the
belter in the existence of auy systematic policy, as well
In the ene case as In the other. I pray, &c.,
CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.
karl russell to lord lyons.
Foreign Omen, Jan. 28,1863.
I have to state to your lordship that I lately received
from Mr. Adams some papers respecting tho proceedings
of the Alabama, which Mr. Adams informed me he had
been instructed to submit lor the consideration of her
Majesty's government.
These papers contain accounts of the various captures
made by the Alabama, but they do not appear to hor
Majesty's government to affect in any way the prinolp'es
of international law applicable to that ship, upon which
the answers of her Majesty's government to the demands
of the United States government In this case have been
framed. Some of the meroortaliste pray that the United
Stptee government will an order thoir naval force ee to
prevent the captures made by the Alabama. That Is undoubtedly
the remedy ror the evil of which.the memorialists
complain, but It Is, of course, one with which
her Mdiesty's government have no concern.
There is also an allegation that the crew of the Alabama
are partly. or mainly, composed of British subjects.
If tlila be so, these persons are acting in violation of the
(Jheen s proclamation end of the Foreign Enlistment act;
but, unfortunately, in aocordanoe with the principles upon
thissubjeot maintained by Mr.bewurd In hie note to
your Lordship In the case of the Sunbeam.
bakl russell to,lord lyons.
Foreign Office, Feb. 14, 1863.
My Lord?I had a eon vernation a few days ago with
Mr. Adams on the subject of the Alabaoda.
It did uot appear that his government desired to carry
on the controversy on this subject from Washington; they
rather left the conduct of the argument to Mr. Adams.
On a Fecund point, however, namely?whether the law
with respect to equipment of vessels for hostile purposes
might be improved?Mr. Adsms said that hls'guvernment
were reedy to llsteu to any propositions her Majesty's
government bad to make; but tltoy did not see how their
own law on this subject could be improved.
I said that the Cabinet had come to a similar conclusion,
so that uo further proceedings need be taken at present
on this subject. I am, Ac. RUSSELL.
"ON, STANLY, ON!"
Spicy Correspondence Between n Rebel
Major Genernl and n Union Military
Governor.
major oenekal bill to governor stanly.
Goidshoko, It. C., March 24,1863.
His Excellency E. Stanly, Military Governor of North
Carolina.?
Put?A letter from you to Major General French has
been re.erred to me as his successor. It was with deep
mortification and psln 1 perceived that a son of the proud
ami bonoied house of Stanly should so far forget his noble
lioeagn as to descend to low abuse of his own peoplo for
the sake of pleasing his Yaukae masters. It is true that
some houses were burnt In Plymouth by Confederate
troops. It is alleged that It was dons to oust eomo Yankee
thieves and marauders who had taken shelter in
them. I hope that Una is so, and that the act was not
one of wanton wickedness It is plain, however, that II
the Yankee scoundrels bed been at home atieoding to
their own business Plymouth would not hare been die
turbed. 1 be burden of the sin rests, therefore, upon tho
brutal invaders of a peaceful and peace loving people.
May I not hope that your Excellency, the Military
Governor of North Carolina, having rebuked Confederate
atrocities, will devote a portion of your valuable time to
the excesses of ibe infernal Yankees. In the gubernatorial
peregrinations of your Excellency from Currituck to
Cberokee?tbe seaboard to the mountain*?you must
have been struck with tbe remarkable fact that there
are more houses burnt In a few eastern counties than in
all tbe rest of tbe great state ever which your Excellency
pros Idea
It la observable that tbe counties so desolated are
those in which tbe Yankee friends of your Excellency
have been able to penetrate. Your Yankee master, toster,
is accustomed to make raids whenever he learns
that his forces exessd the Confederate Ave u>
ens Your Exoelleney is wall aware that the path
of this murderer and freebooter has aver been marked
'by tbe glare of burning churcbee, eehoolhoueee,private
residences, barus, stables, fences, he., he. Your Exoel
lewry may have some influence with usee brigands, end
s genua hint to them that this may not ha the beat way
ef metering the Untan would douhtlms meet with their
respectful attention.
North Carolina la peoultariy happy to hava two Cover
dots In this aad crisis. Iter civil Governor at Raleigh
has of tan bared hie boaom to the deadly bullet In defence
of hie native mate. Her military Governor baa not
thought it prudent to expos* bis gubernatorial person id
battle. It le to be hoped,however, that when he has'organised
hie negro brigade, hie Excellency the militaw
Governor will (having laid In an abundaut supply of
otter of roses and sau da cologne; put himself at its
hand, and strike for hie own, hie native land.
i ce parallel Between Governors suggests enotner oetweeu
generals. There wm Yankee general named At
nold, woo turned tory. There wm a Southern general
named Washington, who wm a rebel. The British honor
ed the rebel and despised the lory. North Carolina has a
civil Governor and a military Governor?a rebel and a
lory. Mean m the Yankees are, they respect the former
and loathe the latter.
In conclusion, permit me to assure your Excellency
that, with the distinguished consideration due to your
exalted position, 1 subscribe myself your obedient servant,
D. H. HILL,
Major General, Confederate States Army.
OOVERNOk STANLY TO MAJOR GKNKRAL BILL.
Nawsww, N. C., March zl, 1803.
To Major Gsneral D. H. Hill, C. B. A., Goldaboro
Sib?By Hag of trues last night 1 received a communl
cation from you of the 24th Inst., full of insolent falsehood
and blackguard abuse.
To those who know anything of the peculiar traits of
your character, it will be amusing to I cam that you ware
capable of feeling - mortitlcation and pain" because of
any unfortunate conduct of a North Carolinian.
You My I have descended to low abui-e of my own people.
I do not know what the abuse to which you have
relereoce can be, usleee It wm when I characterized us
"cowardly incondiarwa" the men under the command of
General French who burned the town o< Plymouth.
1 did eoudem and du condemn as "cowardly inoeodurles"
the perpetrators of that diabolical outrags; but I
have never believed they were citizens oi North Carollna.
It was evidently s premeditated attempt to destroy
the whole town. The houses of widows, or Union men
and of secessionists, who had been protected by the troops
of the United is tales, were indiscriminately burned, with
out regard to the entreaties and tears of their wives and
daughters General Kreurh on'v admitted the tiring < <
one house. You now admit that some houses were
bunied In Plymouth by "Confederate troepe " But uniorinnately?If
to bs convicted or falsehood con be a inisfor
tune toe general in the "Coolederale Bute* Army"?
whlle.you coulees his sin, you, irom the force of Irrewistl
hie hahlte, are vullly of the same intlrroitr. You say
"It Is alleged It wm done to oust some Yankee thieves and
mitrtiiilAri " What 1 have afafswt khora rW ih? chsrscia,
of tk? persona residing in Ibe bouaet la a sufficient rein
ulxic of this.
1 am bappjr to know lb at you and I diflbr in opinion aa
to Ukm u|k>b whom Ibe burden of tbia aln roeU. If the
I nion iorc.ee were "brutal Intradera," I see do excuse for
your burning the towns of tbuae peaceful citiiena whom
you proiess you oatne te save
If It will aflbrd you pleaaure, you may know that I have
omitted no opportunity of rebuking any "atrocitloa" committed
by troope of the I nlted States, In which I hare
been sustained by ibe gallant general upon whom you an
unworthily endaaror to caat reproach
aa far aa my observation extends, I know.of but two
attempts In North Carolina to deatrsy lowna by burn
lug?Imlh these were made by moo of your political
school. I reler to the attempt to destroy Newborn ami
to the burning of Plymouth.
Yon are pleased. In the mean malignity of your nature,
to make a comparison of the civil ami military tioierrors
of North Carolina. In the hope of wounding my
feelings. How little you know of the feelings and cha
racier of the gentleman whom you would assail.
I real a just and pn>|*r prkla for the good conduct of
any true son of North Carolina, avaa wbeu engaged in a
bad cause. The gallant geutlemsn'to whom you rcter?bh
little honored by your praise as I am Injured by your
sneers?was honored by my 'own people"?North Uaro
nutans?for his lifelong devotion to the Union and hie
often expraaeed detestation of secession villains?your
associates In treason He woe justly endeared pi hie own
people, because of hie eloquent denunciation of the llend
tab traitors, like youreell, who were trying for years to
plunge bis country In civil war. In an boar of excite
mom, believing hie male woe about to be Invaded. Im
drew his sword in her defence I honor his patriotism.
while I mourn bis error. He will, I trust.continee to
merit public gratitude by resisting the tyranny of the
destructives who hate and slamler htm. He will live to
regret he ever did anything to call forth your
praise. Thus# who know you both know you are not
worthy to unlatch hta shoestring. He was not Indebted
In you or to your friends for his present position, and, net
withstanding hie gallantry, bis breast wis exposed to nil
the bullets of your calumny.
You "bite s die," viper, when you speak of my organ
l/tng a "negro brigade " In tbis reaped, even from se
cession lets, mr conduct Is unassailable
But truth demands I should declare that If I were
(i mpelled to choose between Ashling with such seces
si nlsts tad town burners as you hre, attempting to
i eetroy the government, and with "a negro brigade" t?
prevent lie destruction, I should prnfer the negro brigade
I nder no circumstances could I submit to the degradn
lion f on association with men who would serve under
such s man as I), ft Hill.
Your allusion to Arnold Is boons lb contempt, and only
reveals the deep malignity which you bare bad towards
me. though bound to my native land with "hooks of
steel," my adopted home is t'allforola. My loyalty to her
S not impeached My duty to her la oodratable liei
determination in the present crista la not doubted. I
hardly think even one w your mad prstsdmsn agaiael lb"
"Infernal Yankees," in a sober momeat. would snafrma
as a iraiwr bun who was islikru! is his agem ,aea te hat?i'mo,
whether thai koine w..? ? aliloruiu, Louisiana iif
Vermont.
Rut the bright "f hypocritical audacity Is reached vlua
you, though nUier umvly, endeavor to speak respect
(inly of Ike "Southern Guuer.il W n.-bin<ton. ' la your
estimation his only title to public houur was that he was
called a rebel, and that he was "honored by the Hrtliah,
and therefore honored by I) H. Hill,"Major General,Cou
tederate Stated Army!" >
The moneiuaniac of secoeslou, R If. Illil, at last npflalr
rea|iecti ully ot \V us tun go ail " 1 hero ore it became a pro
verb, is Saul also ainoug the prophets:"' Washington's
Farewell Adureas baa always been regarded by all of tbe
"proud and honored house of Stanly," as eutitled to veoe
rullou next to that doe to Holy Writ- They were taught
to tieat with scorn rebel hypocrites like you. whose toa
llguant ellorta for years past liavo been directed la pot
soutng the minds of your countrymeu, and encouraging
tbeui to hate their Northern brethren euuotiriitiing them
to smile beuiguuntiy ii|?u all i-d'orls to alienate one |>or
tiou of our couutry from auotber. la it not reaching
the pinnacle of hypocritical audacity for you U>"danu.
with faint praise" the memory of Wiishmguiur
You ore not mistaken, air, in one thing. I am a little
proud. 1 do not claim to be iif "noble lineage." Thai la
tbe cant of the would-be lords of tho South Caioliuu
school, that I despise. But 1 urn descended of boDest
patriotic people, whose blood and fortunes hi the Kevotutiou
were poured out to secure the blessings of the Union
I... ..... ..HI, r..l..? h.._a a.
w?.im uoninij,
1 well understand llie oaueo of your malignity. More,
ttiau a quarter or a century ago I deuouncetl, in my first
campaign, politicians like you.as Lb<?-o wbu would*'rather
reign lu Hell than -erv. iu Heaven." My observation in
public lile has justitled ino in thin opinion. 1 amj prond
to know 1 have despised and beeu bated by them aa I am
by you.
You come from a people that lor many yours have
sneered at North * aroliu i as "the Rip Van WUiKk) of Ua
South." You are one oi ihe "witlings and j-cornora"
reprobatod by one gn at and good for ho doing. You have
been one or those who loved to revile her, until by
devilish stratagem you evolved tier In war, and when
by her galiunt men she i-.aved you from the bulter, yoc
havo coudsSoondcd to' bonohor. iivyn now, alter all
ber sacrillees and sulfur it. s she is reviled by one of yom
secession curs iu offlco iu Kieiimoud as a "nest of damuec.
traitors!" <
You and I, sir, wove in different spheres. 1 have followed
the teaching- of Vashlngtou and tho Yankees
Hamilton, Adams aud Wobst r. You have followed those
of the "Catalmes o; the historian and the captain Bob*,
dtis of the poet."
I leel honored to know that lu my mission of peace I
have done somothlng to mitigate tho horrors of war; an A ft
though no call of duty has required me to "bare nsy bo
sem to bullets," yet U|>on occasions, not exempt from
danger, I have dolled the utmost malice of the evil-men
whose pernicious doctrines have brought the dreadful
calamities of civil war on our land. 1 hnvo something to
he "proud" of?a consciousness of sincere eflbrts, at
le vst, to save my country, aud 'that, while I deserve the
respect of hon< st putriois, 1 have provoked the rkHcaloua
enmity of gnch creatures as 1). H. Hill.
You are supposud, General, to command the ' Department
or Pamlico," or thewhleuf Eastern North Carolina.
Con you not condescend to pay mo a visit ? Come
and seo what inestimable blessings your peaceful secession '
has con errsd on the peace loving people of North Carolina.
Cornel behold the scenes of your great military
exploits.
* little more than a year sgo you came to defend and
protect North Carolina. You had possession of Roanoke
Island, Fort Macon, Newbvrn, Washington and Hatturas.
How are they now t
In the Kale tall Imagination or your secession friends
every soldier under General Foster was transformed into
Ave; the seacoast is abandoned, and you are eating out
the substance of my people" in iho interior.
Come, look at tho counties of Currituck. Cam-Ion. Pas
" quoFvuk. Perquimans, Chowan, Washington. Tyrrell and
Hyde. Think of this immense and rich territory?of
their bright flelda; how tlielr valleys laughed with corn
and wheat before your arrival; mid now behold them,
under the advice and rule of your domon associates, almost
covered with blood and ashen
Pardon rae for giving you a word of advice?the last
from me, oa I leave Immediately for my d.atanl home.
You have committed a great criioo in your part In this
horrid war. You commenced with porjury, mid are trying
to sustain yourself with impedenco and lalsebood.
As a State rights village politician you were simply ridV
uulous. Ito nut attempt, like tbo fr. i? in the rable, to
swell to the size of tho ox, by punch tig your insolence
under the name of a "Major General In the Confederate
States Army. ' You will soon be, In the eyes of all aeua>
ble people, utterly contemptible. Yours, Ac.,
KllWARD 8TANLY.
LOVE AND MURDER.
Ihsekln( Tragedy in the Bowery?A Ish
tiler Attempts te Kill Hie Sweetheart
and Then Commit* Bntclde, die. '
Coroner Wlldey concluded the inquest yesrerdny In the
case of Charles Moll, a member of the Eighth lagfiml
New York Volunteers, who committed aniclde at ha
lodgings, No. 20 Bowery, on Thursday night, after hspag
attempted to poison bis lady lore. Deceased, It appears,
was borne on a furlough; but, allowing his tine* to aspire,
had not the courage to return to his regiment for fsar cf'
being tried by oourt martial as a deserter. He ccmmwal
cated bis fears>to Miss Mary Strube, bis betrothed, and*
conceived the idea of tbolr taking poison rather thaa he
separated. Accordingly oo Thursday afternoon, wha.
Mlsa Strube called upon deosased at Ms room, as.
abovo, bo gave her a drink rf poisoned wis*
and, after tailing her that aba would surely die.
wwjvkm nil m |MH u im poison IHMi.
Tba poison seemed to aflbct dtoitMd wn sensibly tbasa.
his betrothed, and fearing U*t aba would survive Ma ha*
raw deepernio mm mImhM to auagla bar. Mmy,
poor creature, waa avena to tba wbote proceeding, mm,.
struggling with bar would ba murderer, managed to free
herself from his graap, wbao tba laltar rati back aahausted
upon hla'bed and expired. lllaa Strube waa dtecorered
in a dying eondltton by tba porter o' tba hsdalj
but luckily, tbrougb tba eserttona of Dr. Gay, aha waareatorad
to consciousness, and la now In a 'air way at recovery.
Sbe waa praaant at tba coroner's Inqueat, and
are a clear aad interesting account of the areata that
transpired in the ratal cbunber on tba evening pravtooa.
Noll waa twenty nine yeara of aga. and waa a native af
(iermany. Ha waa a aon ol tba wail known musician cf
that name, and was a man of more than ordinary edwea
lion and intelligence. Annexed will ba found n report ef
the proceedings before tba coroner.
Mary Strube. being duly aworn, dapoaad and aaid:?1
live at No. 26 Bowery; I have known dec aimed one year;
ba kept oomiwny with me duriog that lima, ha was a.
soldier, and was boms on furlough, wblcb aspirod on tba
30lh of March; be was under tbe impression during tho
last few dmya that If be waa caught be weuld be shot as
a deserter; I coma to Ibis place w itb bits yertorday, and
be gave ma poison; 1 aaid I was thirsty, and be said ho
would tlx ma up a drink that would make me strong^ ba
brought me; after I drank It he told ma that I ?>i pad
wined. I began to cry, whan he aaid If I would not "Mk>
up" ha would iQiothar me. there waa another glass,
which he drank himself; be Mid that tt con tamed pot
eon aiao, and that be waa deUrmlhed to kUI hlmeeK
be Mid be did not want me to live alter he waa dead,aad,
gave that aa a reaaon for poisoning me; 1 commenced to
grow very weak, but did not go asleep; I waa so weak
that I could not get up; deoeuaed aooo afterward# went
oat lor aoma more poiaon, and locked me in the room;
upon hla return be brought me aomethiug inaglam which,
be Mid wm from the bar, and would make me reel strong,
but instead of that it was some more poieon: after awhile
be experienced awful pa ina, and aekod me ir I did not feel
pains too; I Mid I did not reel very bad. when he Mid he
waa going to die. be then tried to choke me, and said I
must die too, but be waa so we .k that be could not harm
lue; while thus engaged In choking me he (ell back es>
liausted and died in a few minute* afterwards I waa to
woak that I wm unable to riac from the l>ed, and lay
tbera until the porter came and knocked at the <lnor; tkm. .
wan about seven o'clock P. M.; I was alterwards removed**
pi another mom and attended bye doctor: the p.taon I
got flrst I vomited, but the second poiaon I retal ed until
alter the arrival of tbe doctor. after I had lakeu the second
dose deceased told tne that be iiad left a hotUe down
stairs in which ha slated thai be was about to kilt himantr
und me. and wanted u to be buried In one grave; deceased's
father lives at No. 161 W.meter afreet.
Kmanuel Albrecht deposed that he was lb* proprietor
of tbe premteee No. W Rowery. deceased bired Ike room
in wbirb he committed suicide on Tueeday, I last saw him
alive on Thursday. ha then stated that be Intended going
to Philadelphia with Mias strube.and that be was going
to be married to ber. tbe porter knocked at .leeaaaed's
door aeveral ilmea an Thursday afternoon, but could get
uo answer about eeven o'clock in tbe evening I want up
atalra and knocked at deceased's door when u,w sir?t.
answered m? and mid that a. r? a-<-d had |*>ls?>iird htmaelf
and bw too. I examined deceased and found thai ha was
dead. I Immediately nnlldad the police. who .ante right
away and rendered nil the niaislanee in their cower.
John W. ftouls, lielnc duly sworn, deseed and aaid?t
am a policeman attached to the Tenth pre. loot a boot
ven o'clock laai evening the porter of Uio hotel railed '
up >n me and stated that there waa a man d.wd In the *
It"11so he also stated that he bad bursted In deceased's
bedroom door and round him lying dead upon the bed
I want lor a doctor, and upon my return 1 found I ramd'
in the bed In the manner deacrlbed by the porter- I
lound a woman sitting on doc-need s bed, and mmoVed
Iter to and her room Herseant Weed tbeu came, aad ow
?oirrhlnff ihr rooir, ?? found * Iwiiiu lakniiari it....mm ?
t hrialian Schmidt d*|?Md that be wan a e'erR hi the
dm* a tore of Kdmund Weber, of No IS iiayiu-l .treet 1
rocnfnla* the deceaaed no tbe |-cr?nn to wb-un I Mud hail
nn ounce of laudanum. thla occurred cm Tueaduy evening,
o Thursday nlabl dereaeed enme afala, and, laying he
tmd male a mlafuke. aaked for two drachm* nf upturn,
for which be paid thirty ewreu oenta; be stated (hat Ike
l?u*on waa for a soldier who had been wounded, f la
b'-lled tbe ooleone ami recorded the sales properly
Geo. B. Bouum, Ajl., being duly swora,dei?*ed that
lie made a poet mortsbt examination of the body of 4i '
resaed, and (are it a* his opinion that death wee caused
by the adm in intra lion of opium. Crude opium waa found/
lu the stomach, aad the odor of the potaoo pervaded ihrf.
enure rom. . . . /
Tbe caaa waa than strap to the (ory who .nar duel*
liberation, rendersd a rerdlct of "ftuicid* by tap law
opium.*'
Arrlralt aad Departnres.
AKRIV AI.S.
Mease*<i as? otrmAarTcuj-Stremahja Bava. ,a_R !?_
ie. wire ahild and eerraat; Wm Ruiiruf, R Rwrr. Jrf
Hr**?l*neranrt two children, R Str-ib-cper, C Ray, 0 fl<i|
I,r J*e Rolling. H RialefcldL L Renedikt. I Set III a Tip
rtrirr. j.e Kmpi'- < Guniher. II Inietman. L J Coha, jF
Uarehanaen. wife and ehlld. fee Be mil/ sad wire M
llirtrt Rmrhadjeo wlla and child Wan. lielml JJ
two children, t W Muller. J Rrnh. O ttnw, T ITum F
Hall, T Plrard, * R Raymond, Oh Wiiaoa, WWjlaoB.
Ship IRoera.
AhalTRD.
Pr'iMlaa hark HalnHrb Rneh, Real. Car-tiff, at
r.ai la Wm Rnlem.