THE SITUATION.
J. Wilkes Booth, the murderer of President Lincoln,
. And David Harold, one of his accomplices, haying been
tracked through the lower counties of Maryland, across
the Pots mac rlvsr into Virginia, and thence across the
Rappahannock, by a detachment of the Sixteenth
Mew ?York cavalry, under Lieutenant Docliorty,
were on last Wednesday morning found near Bowling
Green, In Caroline county, Va. The two culprits
on discovering that all retroat was cut off, took refuge in
barn and refused to surrender. In order to
force them out, the building was set on lire. It soon
becoming very hot within, Harold gavo himself
np; but his villanouB comrade still doggedly
declined to submit to arrest. Sergeant Corbett
finally fired a shot at Booth, which took cifoct in his
head, producing a wo.:nd which rosultod In his death in I
less than three hours afterwards. The deutl body of
Booth and the prisoner Harold arrived in Washington
yesterday morning, and the latter was immediately
placed in close confinement.
Booth, Harold and Atzcrot, for whose arrest rewards
amounting altogether to one hundred and forty thousand
dollars had boen offered, bavo all now been secured. Of
this sum one hundred thousand dollars were offered by
the War Department, ten thousand dollars by Governor
Curtin, of Pennsylvania; twenty thousand dollars by the
Washington City Councils, and ton thousand by the City
v _ Councils of Baltimore.
The train conveying the remains of President Lincoln,
having left Albany at four o'clock on Wednesday afternoon,
arrived at Buffalo at soven o'clock yesterday
morning. Notwithstanding the greater part of tho trip
between these two cities was made at night, all along
the line mournful crowds wore collected to catch a
view of the passing cortege. The buildings were
appropriately draped, tinge were half-masted, and
bonfires and torches lllumnincd tho sad pageant.
All through the dark hours, as the
I rain spoa on, u eacu city, town, village ana puumu
those testimonies of tho people's affection and grief
were ropeated. On arriving in Buffalo a civic and military
procession escorted the body to St. James Ball,
where soon after the public wore admitted to
view It. There was, of course, the same anxiety
here as at every other place to look upon the
face of the martyr President. At ten o'clock last
night the remains were again placed on board the train,
e? rouU tor Cleveland, whoro they are expected to arrive
at seven o'clock this morning. So far on the route from
Washington the schedule time fixed upon for reaching
and leaving each place has been strictly adhered to, and
not the slightest accident to mar or interfere with the
solemnity of the sad ceremonies has occurred.
Secretary Stanton, in an official despatch, gives the
important information that Generals Monde, Sheridan,
Wright, Thomas and Canby have all been Instructed to
pay no attention to General Sherman's trnce arrangements
with Joe Johnston and Breckinridge; but to continue
pushing the enemy with their various commands,
and endeavor to cut off Johnston's r'treat from North
Carolina
General Halleck, In a despatch from Richmond to tho
War Department, suggests that General Wilson also be
directed to obey no orders from Sherman, in consideration
of the fact that it has been ascertained that the
specie plundered from the Richmond hanks by Jeff.
Dans, and widely estimated at between six and
thirteen millions of dollars, was recently being
moved southward in wagons from Greensboro,
N. 0., as fast as possible. General Halleck likewise suggests
that it would be advisable to make known this fact
to General Canby and all the national army commanders
long the Mississippi river, so that they may be prepared
to intercept this heavy supply of funds which the rebel
chief is endeavoring to get eut of the country with. Gen.
Wilson, whea last beard from, after having swept through
tha heart of Alabama with a splendid body of cavalry
belonging to General Thomas's army, had moved eastward
Into Georgia and captured Macon, from which
place he was directed to withdraw by General Sherman,
In oonalderalioa of the terms of negotiation with Joe
Johnston.
Acoounts of further lamentable effects of General Sherman's
arm is ti mi continue to be received. One i-ortion
of General Stoneman's force, under Colonel I'almer, and
another under General Olllem, were arrested In the
run tide of most successful expeditions by advices
fnn General Sherman Informing them or a equation
Sf hoetllltlea. Colonel I'klmer wta raiding unchecked In
Weetern North Carolina, along tha Catawba river, where
be had diepereed a portion of Johnaton'a rebel army en
doavorlng to escape aouthweetward, captured over two
thn?nit prlaonera and aome artillery, and deetroyed,
among other things of much value to the rebel*, an Immense
railroad bridge acrom the Catawba. General Gib
lent, la Soutbweetern Virginia, had attacked and routed
the rebels under General McCowan, at Morgantowu,
leveed the peeeee of Blue Ridge, and waa preening tha
Babel General Martin, whoee whole force be wonld soon
have captured or dlapemed but for General Sherman'a
Sedan to ceaae operations
Indictment* for a breach of the Neutrality law* have
been found by tha Grand Jury of Toronto, Canada,
bgnlaflt the rebel agenta Jacob Thorn peon, Clement C.
Oaf, Bennett H. Young and William L McDonald,
dAs bar# been far aome time peat figuring In varlMBi
einmtim eohemea alone our Northern bor J
dor Thompaon formerly raided In Mlaslss'prl, and
wh Secretary of the Interior In Buchanan'* Cabinet;
Clay waa a United State* Senator from Alabama prevloue
to the rebellion; Young waa the repu ted leader of the St
Albans rai lcre, and McDonald formerly lived In this oily,
and now stands charged with being concerned, with
others, In fitting out the steamer Georgian for a pirate on
the Northern lake*.
It 1* said that the rebel General Buford burned ninetyfive
thousand bales of cotton at Montgomery, Alabama,
before evacuating that place, Just previous to th* arrival
there of General Wilson's cavalry. General Wilson's
force destroyed all the rebel depots, workshops and
I manufactories along their route of marob, and the rebel
steamers King, Augusta and Nina, on tbs Alabama river.
Now Orleans advices report that the rebel General
Dick Taylor Is prepared to surrender bis command to
General Canby If he can secure favorable terms General
Canby arrived In New Orleans from Mobile on last Sunday
moruing. General Banks reassumod command of
the Department of the Gulf, with headquarters at New
Orleans, on the 22d Inst.
Apprehensions are entertained in San Francisco of a
raid on the specie laden steamers from that port for
Panama by the rebel pirate Hhonandoah, which U Is supposed
left Australia about the middle of March.
One thousand five hundred rebels, belonging to the
commands of Rosser and Imboden, were recently paroled
In the Shenandoah valley, under the terms of General
Lee's surrender. Bosser himself refused to surrender,
and has fled. Mosby also has declined to give himself
Bp, though nearly all his men have deserted him, and
some of them are now engaged in endeavoring to secure
his arrest,
TH Ifi LEGISLATURE.
The State Senate yesterday confirmed the nomination
Of Frank Chamberlain, of Albany, at Commissary General,
and William Wasson, of Auburn, as Canal Appraiser.
Tbo nominations for Commissioners of the Capital Police
district were also concurred in. Bills were passed to incorporate
the Grcenpoint and Calvary Cemetery Railroad
Company; the General Charity Appropriation bill, and
to change tho bulkhead and pier lines of the late city of
Williamsburg. The bill providing for the erection of
a monument to Abraham Lincoln, in the Park, was
adopted. The bill to Incorporate the Union Navigation
Company was reported favorably. The Assembly amendments
to the bill for the erection of warehouses at
Quarantine were agreed to. The amendments to the Manhattan
Gaslight Company's bill, proposed by the Assembly,
were rcjocted. In evoniug session the Assembly
resolution to adjourn to-day at noon was laid on tho table.
The consideration of the City Tax Levy was resumed and,
after amendment, the bill was ordered to a third reading.
The bill incorporating the Union Navigation Company
was lost. The Two and a half Mill Tax bill was reported
and adopted.
In the Assembly the Senate amendments to the New
York County Tax Levy bill were adopted. The bills
ordered to a third reading were for a railroad In Lexington
avenue and other streets In New York, and to authorize
tho Third Avenue Ballroad Company to extend their J
track. On motion of Mr. Van Buren tho rules were suspended
and tho bill to authorize tho Metropolitan Railroad
Company to tunnel Broadway was passed by a vote
'Of yoas 89, nays 16. On motion the rules were also
suspended and the bill regulating the fees of Harbor Masters
was adopted. A resolution to adjourn to-day was
introduced and agreed to. Bills were passed to lncoporate
tho North American and Italian Steamship Company;
also tho New York and Point Isabel Navigation
Company; to establish a New York State Institute for the
Blind; to authorize a steam ferry between Brooklyn and
Mott Haven, and to amend the State Militia law of 1862.
In evening session bills were adopted to amend the
Registry law; to authorize the Third Avonuo Railroad
Company to extend their track, and to provide for the
laying out of a plot of ground in tho Park for the erection
of a monument to Abraham Lincoln.
MISCELLANEOUS NEWS.
In the United States Commissioner's office Emil Corsara
and Louis I<azo wore yesterday examined by Commissioner
White on a charge of pacing counterfeit fifty
cent currency. The case was adjourned to Saturday at
eleven o'clock.
Tho Board of Councilman did not hold any meeting
yesterday, a quorum not being present at the call of the
roll. There will be a meeting or the Board on Monday.
Yesterday, in the Court of Uoneral Sessions, Peter
HefiV-ruan, a noted shoplifter, was convicted of larceny,
having, in December, 1862, stolen a box of silver watches
from a jewelry store in Muidon lane. Ho waa remanded
for sentence. The motion set down for yesterday by the
Recorder, which was to be mado by counsel for Peter R
Strong, now under indictment for an attempt to commit
an abortion upon bin wife, waa postponed till Saturday
by Judgo Runnel, who occupied the bench in the absence
of Rocordcr Hoffman. Counsel intends to move
for a speedy trial or a quashing of tbo indictment.
At the regular monthly meetlngof the Chamber of Commerce,
held yesterday, the report of the committee apapointed
to draw up an expression of opinion regarding
the disposition to be made by government of the cotton
captured at Savannah by General Sherman was read. It
recommends that a distinction bo made between loyal
and disloyal claimants, and suggested that some provision
should be made for reimbursing out of the proceeds of
the seizure Northern merchants who suffered losses at
the commencement of the rebellion from the Indebtedness
of their Southern customers. The entire amount of
this indebtedness Is stated to be one hundred and fifty
mlllious of dollars. An animated debate took place on the
report, after wbich it waa agreed to print five hundred
copies of it and leave over decision on Its adoption or
rejection until tbo meeting on the 11th proximo. Mr.
Cyrus W. Field was announced as the representative of
the Chamber In the Suez Canal demonstration.
A meeting of the congregation of Rev. Dr. Downing'a
church took place last evening, at which a series of
resolutions eulogistic of Ahrahum Lincoln, appointing a
committee to raise funds for the dollar monument to his
memory, condemnatory of the act of tho assassin, and
expressive of confidence In the now administration, were
unanimously adopted. General Hiram Walbrtdgo also
delivered an eloquent and stirring address in the sarno
ptril, which was received with Haltering applause.
A German, named Charles Ulman, was yesterday committed
to tho Tombs, charged with having committed a
burglary at 101 Chatham street on lost Sunday night.
Dr. Franz Hctl, of Detroit, recently arrlvod in this
city and stated to the polico authorities that his wife had
eloped with the Rev. John Wlttuioycr, pastor of St.
Joseph's Catholic church, of Detroit, and that he had
reason to believe the errant pair were In New York.
Search resulted in finding Ihetn living together as man
and wife In City Hull place, and yesterday they were
taken bock to Detriot In chargo of an officer.
Superintendent Konnedy, of the Metropolitan Police
force, has issued an order complimenting the raon under
his command for the manner in wbich they performed
their extra arduous duties attendant on tho obsequies of
President Lincoln, during Monday and Tuesday last.
Kdward Ingersoll, who is charged with making a strong
ereseion speech in this city a few days ago, on arriving
In Philadelphia yesterday morning on board a railroad
train was waited upon by a commilteo who demanded an
,nr ill* trwuwiusom rciuni tv. iuib ire idfused
to tnak>-, when ho *u surrounded by an Indignant
crowd, on one of whom he drew a pistol; but before ho
could use It ho wts secured by the police, taken to a
station houee, and, in default of two thousand dollars
ball, locked up. The feeling against him on the part of
the people was very strong, and but for the greatest exertions
of the officers he would probably bare been very
severely dealt with.
The steamer New England, with a fbll cargo, destined
for Boston, was set on lire by the explosion of a lamp
while lying at her wharf at 81. John, N. B., yesterday
morning, and burned to the water's edge. Throe lives
are supposed to have been lost by the catastrophe.
The stork market was strong yesterday. Governments
were higher. Gold was lower, and closed at 148.
There was no general activity In commercial circles
yesterday; but trade Is steadily Improving, and In some
articles there was a considerable movement at full, and
In some cases higher prices Petroleum was higher, as
were groceries, Ac. On 'Change the flour market was
less active, and prices of the common and medium
grades declined 10c. a 15c. Wheat was Irregular; winter
was heavy, while spring was steady. Corn was scarce,
more active and lc. higher. Oats wero dull and lower.
The pork market opened active and Arm, but closed dull
and scarcely so Arm Beef was more active and Arm,
while lard was a nhade lower. Freights continued dull,
and whiskey was steady, with a moderate lnaulrr.
NEW YORK. HERALD, F
The Trlclu of the Partisan Press.
The conductors of the partisan press of this
city seem to hare no conception of the duties,
the responsibilities and the dignities of journalism.
Always quarreling with eaoh other, and
always anxious to get np a disturbance between
two or more promlnent^ofBclale, they are
nerer so happy as when they think they hare
troubled the nation. The comments of the
Tribune, Timet and Pott, on the one ride, and
the World, Newt and Express, on the other,
upon General Sherman's agreement with the
rebel Johnston, and Secretary Stanton's bulletins
narrating the (bets, are apt illustrations
of the truths we have just stated. Comments
more mischievous, malicious and foolish it has
tiAtro* V.oon nnr (11 fnrtnna nnvnaa ThpV RFft
in the very worst taste, and are calculated to
do the government great damage if believed.
Let us place upon reoord very explicitly the
facta that General Sherman Is not insane; that
be has not surrendered to Johnston, that he is
not a traitor, that he had no share in President
Lincoln's |assassination, and that he
is not scheming to become a military
dictator. It may appear unnecessary to
repeat these very obvious truisms; but
within the past few days the partisan press on
the republican side has either uttered or insinuated
allegations to the contrary of these
facts. That any journal presumed to be respectable
Bhould make such charges against
one of our greatest generals is infamous; but
the charges have been made, openly or by
inuendo, in spite of the universal public disapprobation.
Let us also state, just as explicitly,
that Secretary Stanton is not persecuting
Sherman, that President Johnson is 'not trying
to kill off Sherman, and that there is no jealousy
or enmity against Sherman in the minds
or hearts of the Washington authorities. These
statements may appear equally superfluous;
but within the past few days the partisan press
on the democratic side has indulged in these
and other venomous slanders and scandals.
We have had quite enough of this sort of thing
from both sides. Every good citizen ought to
put his foot down upon such silly but annoy
incr falsehoods.
The whole matter between Sherman and
the government is extremely simple and
easy to understand. General Sherman, with
all his senses about him, made an agreement
with the rebel JohDston, which virtually
ended the military part of the rebellion; and
he sent this agreement to Washington to be approved
or disapproved as the government
might think proper. He committed an error,
however, in granting the rebels an armistice
while the negotiations were pending, instead of
following Grant's example and writing and
fighting at the same time. The Lieutenant
General and the government decided that Sherman
had exceeded Ms authority in entertaining
propositions more political than military, and
in granting the' armistice which President Lincoln
had persistently refused. The agreement
forwarded by him was disapproved; ho was
ordered to resume hostilities, and, to guard
against garbled reports and misapprehensions,
the public was officially informed of the facts, <
and of the derangements which Sherman's
armistice had caused in General Grant's plane.
This is the whole affair in a paragraph; and we
may add that there will be no quarrel between
Grant and Sherman, between Sheiman and President
Johnson, or between Sherman and
Secretary Stanton, concerning it Each has
done bis duty in his own way and according to
the best of his ability, and although Sherman
has undoubtedly failed in his attempt to assume
the r6le of a diplomatist, his reputation as a
great, gifted and patriotic general is as untar
niched as ever.
Is it not a little singular that, after four
years of a tremendous civil war, with momentous
issues to be dealt with every day,
the partisan press has not risen to the
dignity of the crisis and still goes maundering
along in the old, squabbling, impertinent,
reckless, blundering way? The partisan editors
know that there has been but one duty
plain before ns all, and that is to support the
government in its efforts to crush the rebellion.
Yet no opportunity to hamper and hinder the
government Beems to have been overlooked}
and now these papers are trying to breed discontent,
dissatisfaction and destruction in the
very ranks of our army, by involving General
Sherman in a personal quarrel with the President
and the Secretary of War. Of course their
efforts will tail; but that does not lessen tbeir
guilt in making such efforts. The assassin did
not succeed in killing Secretary Seward, but he
ought to be hnng for the attempt. The partisan
press, howovor, is all the more culpable
from the fact that it has in the Herald
a model of what a patriotic journal
ought to be and say and do in times
like these. Moreover, onr enormous circulation
and overwhelming advertisement patronage
should teach these pnrtisnn editors that to be
popular they bavo only to be right But notwithstanding
precept and example, advice and
warning, the dictates of duty and the demands
of patriotism, the partisan press continues its
career of petty bickerings, and will not discard
its practice of distorting every event and misrepresenting
every officer and official to serve
its own puerile political purposes. We protest
against such a perversion of the profession of
journalism, and we point with pride to the contrast
between the poor partisan press and the
prosperous independent press.
Stop Thtkp.?One hundred thousand dollars
reward will be paid for the apprehension of
a noted night thief and bnrglar known as Jeff.
Davis, for stealing from three to five millions
from the Richmond banks. Apply to Andy
Johnson, Chief of Police to Uncle Sam.
Evening Exchanges.?We have discontinued
the publication of the quotations at the evening
exchanges. In our opinion many of these
quotations have been untrue, and were gross
impositions upon Ue public. As soon M we
found this out we stopped them. After toiling,
sweating, swearing and praying in Wall street
from ten to four the speculators and stock
gamblers ought to go home, attend to their
wives and children, pass a quiet evening at the
opera or the theatres, correct their morals and
go to bed early, instead of erasing themselves
by financial and other dissipations at midnight.
Let the evening exchanges be discontinued.
We refuse to countenance them.
On* Cbnt Reward will be paid for the
apprehension and confinement in the nearest
jail, of Jake Thompson, Goorge Sanders and
their accomplices, now supposed to be somewhere
on the other side of the Canadian
border.
RIDAT, AFK1L 28. 1865.
BEOoMSTHDonoii or nrs South.?With Andy
Johnson lit the presidential chair, the work of
reconstruction will be very simple, and we
doubt not very speedy. The South Is oompletely
subdued. It has no longer any strength
or vitality, and as for any anxiety abont the
bad feeing which may exist in the Southern
States, or any (Soars concerning the operations
of guerillas, they are not worth considering;
for they will all melt away before six months,
and be beard of no more. We have seen many
a time just as much excitement and bitter feeling
before presidential elections; just as much
abuse, harsh language, quarrelling and bad
blood between polltloal parties as exists now
between the North and South; but when the
contest was over every one submitted to the reonlt
ishifaM. it )< ? ha?n and th?
country moved on, in peace and harmony, as
before.
It will be the same now in reconstructing
the Union. The conflict is ended. The South
has nothing to fight for, and everything to gain
by a speedy settlement of the difficulty. Added
to this we have the sound judgment and firm
will of Andrew Johnson, in winding up affairs
favorably to the country. There is, therefore,
no necessity for solicitude as to the reconstruction
of the South. It is a very easy matter,
and will be all settled in a few months.
The Canadians Coming to their Senses?a
True Bill.?Recent events are bringing the
Canadians to their senses. A grand jury of
Toronto has issued an indictment against
those notorious rebel emissaries and conspirators
Jacob Thompson, of Mississippi
(President Buchanan's thieving traitor Secretary
of the Interior); C. C. Clay (not long ago
a blatherskiting Southern rights United States
Senator from Alabama); Wm. Lawrence McDonald,
and that famous rebel confederate
highwayman, Bennett Young, for violation of
Iiaf RrlfAnnin Mainat.v'a nanfralitv lawn. Nnw
this looks like going to business in an honest
way, and it is to be hoped that the Canadians
will follow up this movement to some satisfactory
practical results. How they happened to
omit from this indictment that fussy and consequential
rebel Jeremy Diddler known as
George Sanders, we cannot tell; but it was
probably because he was regarded as a common
loafer, not sufficiently important to be
classed with such rebel nabobs as Thompson
and Clay. We think, however, that his case
should not be neglected. It should, indeed,
loafing charlatan as Sanders has become, be
the first on the docket, in view of his industrious,
impudent and persistent efforts to
foment in Canada a rupture between England
and the United States.
Churches and the Rebellion.?Among the
first signs of the approach of our civil war
were the divisions between the Northern and
Southern sections of the Protestant churches.
The Roman Catholic church has had no divisions.
Now the Protestant churches in the two
sections ought to reunite and aid by their
Christian sympathies in effecting the national
reunion.
* A Reward for the Capture op Jeff. Davis.?
Why don't the government offer a reward for
the capture of the rebel chief, and have him
chased out of the Bwamps and hunted down like
Booth? One hundrod thousand dollars would
tempt his own soldiers to deliver him up. Let
him be treated like the fugitive felon he has
become.
Trade Wrrn the South.?The restrictions
being gradually removed, trade between the
Nortii and South will soon be resumed. There
must be about two million bales of cotton, worth
at least two hundred millions of dollars, in the
rebel States. That will be brought North be
fore long, and our trade, commeroe and nanafactures
will be revivified.
Charles Krnn at the Broa^wajr Theatre.
Mr. end Mrs. Charles Kean made their second appearance
la^t night at tills theatre, before an audience not
much larger than that which greeted them on their
dSI/ut, last Wednesday evening, but in all respects as
fashionable, elegant and appreciative. We were glad to
observe a marked improvement in the efficiency of the
orchestral arrangements, as well as in the selections
played between the acts. The piece produced last night
is gcnorally admitted to be the greatest triumph of the
dramatic genius of this distinguished actor?that is, indeed,
if any one of his complete impersonations can be
said to be greater than another, where all are equally
good. It is the historical French play entitled Louis XI?
expressly translated for Mr. Kean, and gives a fair
reflection of the merciless character of the suspicious
and revengeful old man who tyrnniscd
over the French at that period of their history.
It is useless to say that the delineation of the character
of the King was perfect in the hands of the artist. With
that force and |K>wer which are essentially his own, he
infused a spirit into the part which none but the very
highest order of histrionic cultivation could command.
The tenacity with which the feeble monarch clung to
life; the ebullitions of his unforgiving nature, and the
terrors which tormented him when his physician occasionally
threatened him with death, were most forcibly
and vividly depicted. The closing scene, which ends
with the King's death, la bevoad all praise.
In this play Mrs. K'-an has little or nothing to do, appearit^:
only for a short time as Marthe, the wife of a peasant.
The gentlemen and laities whoso well sustained Mr.
Kean are, however, deserving of mention. As the King's
Physician, Mr. (1. Jamison was very effective, just as he
was in the part of the King, In Henry the Eighth, on the
previous evening. Miss Chapman, a young English
actress, from Prury Lane and the Princess theatres, London,
was very favornbly received, and acquitted herself
very satisfactorily. The Duke of Nemours (Mr. J. F.
Cathcart), also a young English actor, evinced a good
deal of talent in the part assigned him. We have only
space to mention Miss Alice Placlde, who, as Marie, the
betrothed of Nemours, made a very favorable impression
on the audience.
At the close of the second act Mr. Kean was loudly
ealled for, and responded by coming before the curtain
and bowing his thanks to his numerous friends. This
evening he will appear, for the third night of the soason,
in Hhakspere's great tragedy of the Morrhant of Venice.
Let all who would see the character of Shyloc.k pertrayed
by the last of the great living Engiisb actors
attend by all means.
Arrival of Hkisor Mrxto akd Gomes ali at San
Frakoisoo ?The friends of Slgnor Muslo and his wlft
(late Miss Lucy Simons) and of L. M. Oottschalk will be
glad to learn that they have arrived safely at San Francisco,
as a despatch from Signor Musio, dated yesterday,
from that city, Informs us.
rrmnirrimixt or Perron* Framsmso Srssrrrcrm ?
Under the provisions of ths General Bounty law, passed
by the present Legislature, principals who furnlshsd
substitutes credited under ths last call for troops are reimbursed
by the Slate In the amounts paid by thsm to
snob substitutes, not to exceed the bounties allowtd by
that law. Such reimbursement will soon be made by the
Paymaster General of the State, and without cost to the
parties making claims. Ws are requested to state that
no agent, attorney or other Intermediate la required for
the collection of such claim*. The Pay meat er General
will have an office at No. 644 Broadway, reemi No* 4
and 6, on and after the 4th of May, whoro proper blank*
will be furnished to claimant*, and all neceeeary Information
given.
CoitctRT to Miaa Sirah 8axh*i?o*.? A grand complimentary
concert I* announced te take place at the City
Assembly Rooms on Friday evening next, for the benefit
of Miss Sarah Sandersoa Thin lady ! a graduate of the
Institution for the Bltn* and the cause of this compliment
to aid In her support appeal* to the klndeat sympathlee
of the public. She will be assisted by eminent
artists of this city, and It 1* to be hoped that the effort*
of her many friend* will be fully successful.
Personal latelllgenee.
General T. 0 Ortega, Colonel T. Ortega, and Colonel T.
rogue, from Mexico, are (topping at the Baroelee* Hotel,
I Great Jon** Mnet
THE FUNERAL TRM
ITS F&OGBE88TOW1BD8 8PHBGFIEU)
THE RECEFTIOH AT BUFFALO,
&o>, Ac., fto.
Burr At/), H. T., April M, 19M.
The following gentlemen accompanied the remain*
of (he laU President through the State of New Tork, by Invitation
of Gov. Fenton -.?Judges Davles and Porter, of the
Ooartof Appeals; Hon. Chaunoey M. Depew, Secretary
of State; General Alex. W. Harvey and George S. Batoh
Iler, K. Merrltt and S. K. Marvin, staff officers; Colonel
L. L. Doty, of the Military Bureau; George Dawson, of
the Albany Journal, and William Oaasidy, of the Argue
and Allot.
Governor Fenton himself could not attend the party,
owing to the fact that the Legislature la on the eve of adjournment.
A delegation from UUca were also on boAd the train.
For a long dlstanoe after wo left Albany thousands
of people were passed at the different stations,
quiet observers of the fleeting train?the men
lifting their bats In view of the hearse car
containing the remains of the truly lamented
dead. Far beyond the city limits we only see here
and thore a national flag with the appropriate
mourning badge before some solitary house, the occupants
being on the door step or plaua. Two small boys are
on a hill top, holding In their hands minature draped
flags, and stand with heads uncovered. Small groups on
a hillside occasionally appear. At the crossroads are
men and women in country wagons. A party of thirty
young girls with a few male companions are In line on a
level green at the opening of a wood. They all bow
their heads In final adieu. The scenery is beautiful, animated
at various points with human beings. Blags at
half-mast continue to be seen along the route, draped
with mourning.
At Schenectady people were gathered in large numbers
41 -1?4- ?~ In railvnnrl rntPhM ftt thfi
1U IUO VU WUVM, IU ,
windows, ontbe porches, housetops, In trees?every elevated
position having an occupant
At Utlca the depot buildings were heavily draped and
the flags at half-mast At least twenty-five thousand
persons were assembled here.
An application had previously been made for the remains
to be exposed to public view, but a telegram from
Major Qoneral Dlx Informed the Hon. Roecoe Conkllng
that the arrangements made at Washington did not admit
of such a deviation.
At Syracuse the depot was heavily draped with American
flags on each side throughout the entire length. Each
flag was trimmed with black, and decorated the sides of
the building. Evergreen trees were placed at Intervals of
about ten feet along both sides of the depot. In addition
to the ordinary gas lights, four large locomotive
lamps Illuminated the Interior, and four others Illuminated
the track, east and west. Tho hotels in the
vicinity of the depot, and nearly all the private residences
along tho street through which the railway extended,
wjre appropriately draped and illuminated. The
bells of tho city tolled and minute guns were fired, while
the funeral train was within the limits of the city.
A baud of music playod a dirge as the train entered the
depot, and a choir of one hundred voices sang appropriate
hymns during the stoppage of the train.
The crowd of citizens was Immense, and large delegations
came in from Oswego and the surrounding towns.
As the train ontered Rochester minute guns were fired
and tho bells tolled.
On the north side of the sallroad station were drawn
up in line the Fifty-fourth National Guard State troops,
first company of Veteran Reserves and hospital soldiers
and a battery attached to the Twenty-fifth brigade, and
the first company of Union Blues. The Independent and
Newman's regimental band played a funeral dirge.
On the south side wero the Mayor with twenty five
members of tho Common Council of Rochester, together
with General John Williams and staff, Major Lee commanding
the post, with his corps of assistants and General
Martlndale and staff.
Largo masses of people appeared on the road. The
party was Increased at Rochester by the addition of exPresident
Fillmore and Messrs. J. A. Verplank, J. Gellasten,
Jas. Sheldon, S. S. Jewett, Henry Martin, Philip
Dorsheiraer, J. P. Stovons, 8. S. Brosser, John
Wilkinson, Henry Morrison, N. K. Hopkinson, on
behalf of the Mayor of Bufihlo, who was
prevonted flrom personally being present to tender the
hospitalities of the city to the party accompanying the
remains of the late President.
The tralft reached Buffalo at seven A. M. Not the
slightest accident has happened on the way from Washington,
owing to the admirable arrangements and the
faithful and experienced officers in charge of the train.
We were met at tho depot by a large concourse of
people, me men witn uncoverea ncaut
Tbe procession ?u formed between seven and eight
o'clock, and proceeded towards St James' Hall, under a
civil and military escort, in company with the party
which had followed tbe remains from Washington.
The hearse was heavily covered with black cloth, surmounted
with an arched roof and tastefully trimmed with
white satin and silver lace.
An extensive display of the military and oivlllans waa
omitted in view of the fact that Buffklo had a funeral
procession on the day tbe obsequies took place at Washington.
*
The procession reached tbe Young lien's Association
building at twenty live minutes to ten A. M.
The body was taken from the funeral car, and carried
by soldiers up Into St James Hall, and deposited on tbe
dais, In the presence of the accompanying officers, the
guards of honor, and the Union Continentals, commanded
by N. K. Hall.
The remains were placed under a crape canopy, extending
from the ceiling to the floor. The space was lit
by a large chandelior. In the gallery, outside the canopy,
waa the Buffalo St Cecilia Society, an amateur
American music association, who, as the remains
were brought in, sang with deep pathos the
dirge, "Rest spirit, rest," affecting every heart
and moving many to tears. The society then placed an
elegantly formed harp, made ef choice white flowers, at
the head of the coffin, aa a tribute from them to the
honored deed. Shortly efler this the public were admitted.
Bx-President Fillmore waa among the civilians
escorting the remains to St James Hall. Also Company
D, Seventy fourth regiment, Captain J. C. Bowles.
This company acted as an escort to President Lincoln
four years ago, from and to the depot, on hie way to
Washington. They will escort hie remains from Buffalo
to Cleveland.
The Rev. Dr. Gurley, who officiated at the funeral in
Washington, accompanies the funeral party to this city.
Aa erroneous statements have been made in the press,
it is necessary to say on the authority of the embalmer
and the undertaker that ne perceptible change he* token
place in the body of tbe late President since it left Washington.
The Washington physicians removed s part of
the brain only for tbe autopsy, but this was replaced,
so that no part of theBpdy whatever Is new deficient.
The remains were vffiited through the day?from halfpast
nine this morning until eight this evening?by an
Immense number of persona The arrangements generally
are pronounced to be oetter than elsewhere on the
route. Great credit is therefore due to the committee
who perfected them.
Ihe hospitalities were eve^whrre liberally extended,
both by the corporate authorities end Individual citizens.
During the morning there wee pieced et tbe foot of the
coffin an anchor of white camel tea, from the ladies of the
Unitarian church of Bnffhlo. A cross of white flowers
was also laid upon the coffin. At the request of Ma)or
General Dlx end others, the officers cf tbe St. Cecilia so
clety this afternoon repeated (he dirge, which wee nog
with, If ponlble, more solemn end touching effect then
in the morning.
The procession, with the remains, left St. James Ball
at about forty flee minutes past eight, escorted to the
depot by the military, followed by a large crowd. The
depot was surrounded by persons anxious to get a last
view of the coffln. The train left at about tan o'elook
for Cleveland.
Dtmtm, N. Y , April 38?IB :1? A. If.
Forty miles from Buffalo. No large settlements have
been passed on the way, although many persons witness
the passage of the*funeral train.
Complimentary to the Polleo Deportment.
The following order was yesterday Issued by General
Superintendent Kennedy:?
naifsaai. onnnn?-no. 409.
Omen or Snrnamrnwowrr Mvraarcirra* Pouaa, 1
No. 800 MoiMaat sranar, I
Naw Yon*, April 96,1Mb- )
Captain , precinct:?
the Superintendent tabs* laasnrt la MHWUfrK N
the office** and men of the tfatropotttan Mlot ford* a*
entire saateteetion wtth the manner in which the/ ten
discharged their extra duty daring the past two dam
I Their labor* hare been unrealng, nut have been performed
obeerfuMr, promptly, faithfully and oouddterately.
The beet of order haa been preserved, wbHe but tew
arreate were necessary, as well from the good nature ate
right aplnt of the people aa from the firm, yet ooaclltetory
and gentle deportment of the member* of the ta?a
They hare the than lea of the Board for their good camduct.
JOHN A. KBNN&BY, SupertnUodsaA
Dan. Caaramn, Inspector.
Tlae Rlggtri at ttee FaneraL
TO THI no'lTOn or TH1 BUILD.
Naw York, April M, 1MB.
la your edition of to-day.I aee your reporter haa aaafcted
to mention the riggers la the programme of yaatem
day. The Bigger*' Union association and Rlggenf Vim
tecttve Union numbered three hundred and fifty ama,
carrying two banners, with the United States flag draped
In mourning, and preceded by the Newburg daad
Band, were aMlgned a position In the Slsth Ulrltdon, and
fell la line immediately In rear of the Caulkers andlMp
Joiners, and?walked the whole route.
THOA BLAIR, Chairman ef Joint Cemratetea.
FINE ARTS.
THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF DE8MI
Opening of the Now Building on
Fourth Afenue, "
Ac., Ao., Ac.
The Inauguration ceremonies of the National Assd?ty
of Beslgn took place last evening, on whioh occasion tbe
pictures on exhibition were submitted to a private rtsrw.
The basis of the fund from which this structure DM
erected was raised by subscription among the artiste ta
addition to the fund of the old Academy of Tlneign.
to which were afterwards added many liberal subscriptions
from several citizens. The cost of the building
will be about one hundred and seventy-flve thousand
dollars, when all that is contemplated for its comptattea
la accomplished.
While the building was In progress, and partially osucealed
by scaffolding and enclosure, It had a strange onto#
appearance that created some surprise, and no tittle
astonishment that a structure designed for the purposes
of art should present so little of what seemed to he
artlstlo taste. People supposed that because It waa
designed by artists It must be something exceedingly
beautiful, that Is according to tbe popular Idea of beauty
In architecture?an idea, of course, mainly formed by
comparison with other handsome structures. But the
artists formed a different notion. They designed to seed
a building bisaux and strange looking, which would fen
remarkable more for its novelty In our olty architecture
than tor its beauty of style and effect, and
it must be admitted by all who see It new
In its finished state, that thoy have succeeded. The object
appears to have been to construct an edifloe that
could not be mistaken for a bank, or a church, or a block
of lawyer's offices. It was expected that every one who
saw it would ask what it was, and upon being informed
that it was tho National Academy of Design, they would
never forget the structure or its location. That the expectations
of the designers havo been carried oat In thin
respect there can be no doubt; although, as a work ad
pure art, it is not to be admired, neither doos It strike a
as being a style appropriate to its purposes.
The site upon which this edifice is erected was purchased
from Mr. William Niblo, at a cost of fifty thouamd
dollars, In the autumn of I860, and after numeroua designs
had been submitted to the Academy for thotr adoption,
by various architects, the plan of Mr. P. B. Wright
was finally adopted, and, under his supervision,
the work has been executed. The building oceaplcs
the whole of a lot situated at the northwest
corner of Fourth avenue and Twenty-third
street, eighty feet wide on the street and nlnety-algM
feet nine Inches long on the avenue. It is three stoilM
high, besides the cellar. The lower or basement story
contains?first, the janitor's apartments, the floor of
which Is raised ono step above the sidewalk, occupying
the whoie end on Twenty-third street; second, the roosaa
of the School of Design, tho floor of which is four fieit
lower than that of the Janitor's rooms, thus giving ,
celling sixteen feet high, and which occupies three
fourths of the whole basement story. The accommodations
for the school are ample. It occupies three alcovw
on Fourth avenue, lighted by large windows, the whole
covering a space of forty-seven by sixty eight foot. Tfcda
Is the Hall of Ancient btaluary. The collection of statoon
and busts Is very large Among them we recognized tho
Looeoon, Apollo llelvldore, Venus do Medici, Silenunagd
Bacchus, tho Boxers of t'anova, the Wrestlers, Piping
Fawn, Hoodie s Anatomical Figure, and many others an
familiar as ttev are valuable to art studeuta The alcoves
are supported by light Qotomna of deep bronze tone, thn
capitals iw lily nraam- i?i wttb leaves, In gold. The Life
School occupies a I. dl ? lbs north aide of the building,
twenty-seven by tfi) '. .t feet, and partially llghtod frona
a court yard. Th?a m ?ot yet completed. The ontranon
to all the r<>oma la this et >ry la by a door in the southern
end of tho Fourth avenue side.
The principal story ? ranched by a double flight of
steps on the Twenty third street end, and is entered by b
large doorway, from which a hall, eighteen feet wlda,
runs nearly the whole l?ngth of tho building, The whole
Fourth avenue aide lo occupied by a suit of four rooms;
the most southerly is the reception room, twenty-two by
twenty-six feet; the next two, each the size of tho r*>
cepttoD room, are for the library. The most northerly
Is the council room, which Is twenty-two by forty-iv*
feet. To the west of tbo central ball are ladles' and gentlemen's
dressing rooms and a lecture room, which is
Immediately above, anu tho same siso as the Life School
Room, in the story below.
The upper story is for the exhibition gallerieo. In ths
centre is a ball, thirty-four by forty feet, divided by
double oreads, supported on columns of polished nuuMm
T- *V??l ana tho wvalfm ?f art mKlfth Khl/UUt i*
the National Academy. Around this are the galleries, a#
opening out of it; one thirty by seventy-six feet, OM
twenty-two by forty-six. one twenty by forty, ?s
twenty-one by thirty?all lighted by skylights; also
gallery for sculpture, twenty-one feet square, lights#
both from the roof ana the side.
The style of architecture may be denominated, p*^
parly, the Venetian Gothic. It is essentially yet not
purely Gothic, and assimilates closely to that style eo tenia
liar in the old aristocratic dwellings or Venice. At
glance the building appears low, and would suggest its Incapacity
to furnish loity galleries, suitable for the exhibte
tion of pictures; but when we remember that a very important
point la gained by the easy and convenient soosan
for vleitoss, obtained by locating the galleries at a small
elevation from the ground floor, we will see at once lbs
good Judgment exercised in thla portion of the deslgna
If the building was intended for tho accommodation SB
artists merely it might have been raised a story or tww
higher, devoted to the purpoee of studioe, and thus havn
given a more imposing efloot externally. But no snete
Intention was contemplated. The building is for ttte
benefit of the public, not for'die artists; the latter having
no claim upon the institution, sxcept for the exhibition
of their works which is of as much advantage to lbs
public as to themselves.
The exterior of the building In beaut Vol and pte
turesqus. The walla of the basement story are of Waste
Chester county gray marble, with bands of North rive*
"gray wacke." The walls of the first story art of white
marble, with similar bands, and of the third story ef
whits and gray marble, In small oblong blocks, forming m
pattern of checksrwork. Tha building Is surmounted by
rich arcaded cornice of white marble, which adds atetenally
to the appearance of the edlice.
The main entrance, which la on Twenty-third street, Id
approached by a double flight of stepa of white marhta
with a heavy balustrade of tho same material. Undo*
the platform is s triple arcade, the pilasters and arch or
which arc elaborately carved with ferns, lilies end othe*
flowers of the field and garden. This is an sxquislte pies*
of workmanship. Within the arcade stands s drinking
fountain of white marble. The entrance Is by s higte
broad, Gothio arch. A broad archlvolt, enriched Wf
sculpture and varied by voussolrs, alternately white an#
gray, springs from columns, two on each slds, of re#
Vermont marble, with white marble capitals and bane#
Under this, ths tympanum above ths door Is filled wttte '
an elaborate pattern In mosaic, of small variegated Utah
Above the doorway Is another tympanum of mosate
with the letters N. A. D. In cypher. Having said thtl
much of ths building within arid without we will pyicee#
*- ?ivisiiwneslInn rAmmnnIon nf lmat niaht
Ml HU?IW ?uv |iw>Biain?M.u w?. wa . ?-m j . ? ?
take a baity glance at the picture!.
And a hasty and Imperfect glance It waa; for tham
wea eorh a gathering of the rlcheet and rarest In beauty
and fashion that It was Impomlhle to obuin a fair view
of the pictures, and we must therefore defer all orlttclana
for another occasion. Sufflce It to say that all oar lend*
Ing artists and every style of pictorial art were repewsenled.
Soon after nine o'clock the Inauguration cerw>
monies eommenrad with an appropriate prayer by Bar.
Dr. Adams, after which Mr. 1). Huntington, {'resident of
the Academy, delivered an address describing the orlgia
of the Academy, Its early straggles and final suooeau
after forty years' labor. For twenty years the Academy
had no home until now, and be congratulated the artimn
and those who had aided tbem at the result they wM>
nessed on that occasion. He api?ssled to the fellows of
the Institution?the artiste and the students?to faMU
their sacred1 duties towards the furtherance of art In tka
new era of peace and prosperity which was opem
before us. He made a patheUc allusion to the death a4
Mr. Lincoln?which had caused the postponement of the
Inauguration?which deeply affected the aodlenoe end
concluded by Introducing Mr. William Oulle*
Bryant, who delivered some chaste and bewatlf^l
remarks, In which he said that alnoe lMf
until the pwsent suspicions time the tribes of art
had dwelt la tsntsL nut now thev had a penan*
nent horns. At first be was Incredulous that tWVj
flnemeat of the people was not equal to the grand resell
of thlaevenlng; but the splendid hall In which they met
to nlsht. with lis variety of delineations of art In every
form, wss a rebuke to hie Incredulity.
Upon the whole the eoene waa one of remarkable brfl?
llancy and gavs promise of a bright era In art In tk?
metropolis of the country. There oouid not have bee?
lem than two thousand [persons present, among whom ww
observed Hon. tteorge Bancroft and other distinguish*!
Il gentles**.