TH1C SITUATION. I
On yeiterdiiy and tho dov beforo there wore Ion? so.*
ion? of tho Cabin- t at Wash ny'on, In which the subject j
of throwing upon the entire South to unrestricted trade t
was under consideration, and It ia understood that Pre. T
sident Johnson and all bis Secretaries excepting one are J'
0
In fkror o" this proceeding. The matter, however, re- ^
miii n" v-i undecided. ]j
The trial of tho persons charced with Implication In a
the great aasassination eon^piracy will be commenced in a
n
Washington some timo next week.
Our Richmond despatchos show the terrible state of t,
lmpoveriw4.r.:ent In which the peoplo of Virginia are uow w
found to be, and to which they ha\e been reduced by E
g
the draft4 of the rebel military establishment on ?
their resources of all kinds. Thousands of
the Inhabitants of Richmond, Petersburg and
the surrounding country are preserved from r tarvation
only by the supplies of food which the I'nlind State*
conim1.->psties furnish them. Strong desir e are expressed
for the removal by government of all restrietlons on
trade nc t eontrabnnd of war, no that far llties may be afforded
for a resuscitation of Industry both In the
towns and rural distr'ets. At present the farmer*
generally are without the Implements or
seeds ncce?nry to do their p'nntlng, tnd unloss these
can be upcedily procured then will be no crops forthOotiling
In the State in the summer and fall.
It la Ufd' rutood that the Army of tho James, commanded
by G.ueml Orii, and consisting of the Twentyfourth
and Twenty-flfth corp?, win remain In Virpn'a for
the present. It is said that the Two ty-Ofth corps, consisting
of colored troope, will > lnt > camp at City Point.
A portion of the Army of the Potomac was expected to
puss through llichmoud on Thurs- lay or yesterday, on
Its wry to Washington.
The principal citrons ?nd local officials of Richmond
are rap dly coining forward to the Provost Marshal's
office and taking the i Mi of allegiance to the government.
Among others who kavo subset died to It
ara Mayor M.iyo, Judge I yon* and Littleton
Tazowell, PronecuUnjr An^rney In one of the
CO urn #uug? Uli.U, lurilil-iijr vi |
and lately reb 1 Comm.??ionar of Kxchnn^e, (
has, II la reported, b?en trrerttd, by order of lit# governipent.
Mr. I'lerpont, the loyal Covornor of Virginia, la (
expected U> HTlve In )ll> timolol niiortly, v\ hr-n, It In sup- f
po??<l, the seat of the HUito gov rnni3iit will be tram- 1
for red to that city from Alexandria.
Our ffcarlmton depntcbo-. are to the lut Inrt. General 1
(
Potter'e force bad- returned from IU expedition Into the
Interior of South Carolina, l.a\ in* 'Vs-troycd an lrnmen?? t
amount of r??bol property. Th i guerlllai liav.1 ag.iln be 1
ooine troublcsoi.ie In the nouthern pnrt of the Slate. On
thafTth Bit. a party of them nmuo their appearand e within ,
tx mllea of Charleston end tore up noma railroad track, i
Another strong force of na'.ioi.jil iroopo it eoon to be sent 1
Ml through the State. Ttie rebel rum Columbia, rank
la lfaf noli* creek, he* be? n rsired, nnd la found to be ,
greatly IrOured. Rhe will be brought to the North.
The eoce-'lonlele of tfrarbeton wero wild with Joy on
learning Off UN VI imUMI MU oln.
and It to mM that wnm? w?ra actually
ao profuM and aaorllogloua ? to Ml on
tfcair knom and etpror* tbetr ttinnka to God for thin en
ormo?? rrlmo. But tho raddoa arroet of e? Governor
Aiken appoared to I ring them to their mmc*, and they
tanj?dt?t?iy btT'imo more dtocraot In their conduct.
Mr Alktn'i arr*?t and tb? axpuUlon of tli*
Oontiimar.ioua KpiiwopalUn clergyman, Mr. Harg'aall,
who rafuaed to au'wtltuto the prayer for
Up Preeldeut of Uia tnlted Statea for that
Jblcfa h? had Sioca otTu lag Cor Jeff. Davla. bad oatnod
I
? 1
n ' exclt ->r.t ?roorj tha ChwleBtontaM. Innit
.jr Aikdu luu aovor be?n anyt: lug but ?
I'uion uu.i.
General -berroau'n headquarters aro being wtahllfcli <1
m Alexandria, Va.., for whl-.h place Us army 1 nam on
l!ie march frota llu'il jli across HorUi Can Hno uud V.rjtu
a, by way of P.iClnnou !.
T!i<;re was Htiil au nb. eare y.>ten'uy of Hie nccesaary
witness a to pivcoc-l with the Ir. ! of BenUuti:n U. Har
rls, of Mary!..:: 1, c'.iar.-ej nit'> t:> t^oiiablo conduct, and
Lhe i'a.->c ?r.a fuit'.ijr adl > iroed over till 10-ilj.y.
Another of tl.o rebel arrcn'-a in Cu.fift.la, William C.
Cleary, for wh .-io nrrc t ?rcnld:uL Johnson ha* offered
a reward of ton U.oti-aad dollars, has publish d a
c mtnunlcatlnu a- - ertlng thilt lio had no connection
with tho Wuhliinqtou assansinaii.n plot lieverly
Tucker und Ceorgp N. Panders yc.Utrday Issued
their (second manifesto on the ajcasslnallon, in which,
thajr rbarjre Prosld -nt Johnson with eooapirln;' to tn' rder
JIT. I)a U, und as.-,irt their willingness to stand Un Ir
trial for tho crlnic with which they are charged
MISCELLANEOUS NEV3.
1 at t and Interesting news from the P;v!ulsh-Amei1<-an
republics on tho "acillc coa.?t, Is furnished In tho de-spalches
of our Panama und Liin.K:orrr.ip*?ndeut8, brought
by the nt'>ara?liip <Wa Rira which arr'ved hero yeFtor
J-iy, frorn A.s; ii:'.va'l on the 28th of April. The Costa
Itlca brought to this) port ovor sit hundred and sixty ;
thousand dollars in sp cie.
A new contract botweon the government of Colombia
und ilie Patnuiia Ha lr ad Company h- it been drawn no,
>y will h tho perpetual proprietorship of their line Is
onced d to the company, r.tid no other ra Iroad nor any
jarial i allowed to be built without their consent *l!hin
ninety tni'^ on eit'or pido. This contract hud not ft
been ac ed ' ,"??*? K tho Colombian Congrc.?, but tho belief
wa? tint 11 i 1<! be ratified by that body.
Tht now* of tl (? strr nder of I.eo's r.rmy had l>oen recclvud
in ratuimu, and the rojocingover it by the loyal
Amercans wan treat, The p.raio Shenandoah, from
Australia, v as beljjp lool.i'd for on tlx Pucilis coaM.
Tho republic of Ptu ua< H"rsln in a state o" tevoluI
t on, anai' y and <onfU Ion, uhloh wii' expected to c.ontin
e till CVtilln, who was absent, returned, when It was 1
considered he would as u matter of course once tnore b^co
e I'r fl'lent. There were rumors that Kpaln b"d i
ntn/lo u formal demand on < lniu for Indemnity for the In |
DOnv'rilr!<-0 a:,d Io. :-s Btl-laiaed In eon equ nee of the |
5p:ini. h sqtj- .1 .'ii u> obu?i:i -onl and enppUcs :n lut porta
iur n : the dl :i'itUy wiih H. r.i regarding th?> ChiiK.i.ft
I .tnds. In tin rt.partment of Chiriqnt, State of ! a:iama,
there hart hoen thrno (MTrri m. revolution* In shout
many days. / forced I an of eighteen thoi-psnd dollars
will i llic government lind mi'de In tlio city of
I'unamn bod caus d eonsldeniblo excitement, biv' It was
generally pad without much hcl'aii >n. In liyllvla
General hud b>oii sh(>t while endeavoring io p,c-t up
% now revolution.
In another portion of this morning's Hvbai.d will be
found some important and exceedingly Interesting oflRcal
Torres-.oiid uct- regarding Mexican affairs between the
MinlPVi nl tlic republic of Moxlco in Washington, Mr.
Romero, and Secretary Seward. Mr. Romero enters a
strong protect npalnEt the transfer to Lo'ls Napoloon by
Vaxln/lian of certain Northern Staton of Mexico. We
il.'o publish a coramunlcat'on sent to us by Mr. Romero,
inclosing a note from President Juarez, In both of which
ho statement* th.it th" latter had offered to well certain
tcviem territory to the government of the United States
re positively denied.
Much excitement was created In Washington yesterday
y thu appearance in on? of the paper* of thut city of au
dvortlsement eallng for volunteers to go to Mexico, Ininning
nil desirous ot embracing the oppNteiitf where
hey can call to register their namer, and atao stating
hat s'milar ane.r.' leF will bo opened In this city, Phlla
lolpliia, Baltimore and oilier planes.
We havo receivod Cupe Town, Cape of Coo<l Hope, pa>ers
to the if/d of February; but they contain oo nows
if lnt?-rc*t.
Tho eteatnchip City of Port an Prince, from Port au
>rincc on tb? 27'.h nit, arrived hero yesterday. She
>roaght no rows of Importance. The health of Haytl
jenerally was good.
A formal demand on behalf of the now Fire CommlslioiifrB
of tills city waa yestarday made on the Comp,roller
and Str-et Commissioner for the delivery of all
hi Fire Depurtrn^nt property. Great socresy is still
>resorved by the Commumlonen In all their movements
nd proceedings, and even the place where they bold
lioir meetings Is yet known to but * very few person*,
he marshals dialed with the duty of serving tb? Inmrtion
granted by Judgo Sutherland retraining the
^mmi.??lntiers from awnmlng the duties of their portion
had much did' ulty in finding these officials, who
ept themselves wll out of tho way; but yesterday
fterno?n some of thorn ?v?.>ro discovered in Wall street,
ml the Injnaotion waa served. What course the Comilssloner
will now pnrsuo has not boen made inanlfeHt.
The Grand Jury of the Court of General Sessions
ronght in n lares number of indictments yesterday, to
rhich the prisoners, on being arraigned, pleaded not
nllty. Their trials were set dowu for next week. Mararet
McKcart was charged with stealing a shawl from
Ire. R M. Hardy, Ko. 22 Kast Fourteenth stroet. The
s'lmony helug of a doubtful character, the case was
baudoned and the jury acquitted tho accused. In the
ftcrnoon coun el for Mr. Peter R. Strong (who is inIcted
for an alleged abor'ion upon his wife, Mary Strong,
gainst whom he has brought a suit for divorce), made a
lotion before Judge Kussel to have the case speedily
ricd or the Indictment quat-hed. He alhged that the
udlcttnmt was found without a preliminary
xamlnntlon, and that oppressive acts had been
csorted to In Ending the bill. Counsel for
he prosecution replied; but In consequence of the
r?dgn having an engagement the argument was adonrned
t'!l this morning, at eleven o'clock. John Ravel
U guilty 10 i?t< mo r?ck.oi 01 w imam ticaiiem
>f a gold wai"h on the day of the funeral of 1*re!>idcnt
Lincoln. Ho wm one of a gun/ of thirty pickpockets
who were nrre?ted on that occasion. The City Jtx'ge
icnt Ravel to the Siute prUon for tl.rea years an.I six
noiiths.
Th? North American and Italian HteAiushlp Company,
hnrter.'d at the late session of the legislature of tMi
tatr, won organized at a meeting of the corp"rstoni h 'Id
it tho Alter Kou:-e yc?terila?. Tim rexsels of tlil* line.
?hlch are exported to commence their trlf? In a very
iho~t time, will nin between Ne# York and Oenoa,
otichlng at Madeira and C'aillx.
Pup Tlntendcnt Ket.nedy has I nned an order firing
llrections for a new runmr uniform to be worn l?y the
xil'e*. The principal change, end one which will no
loubt condu e much to the confoit of the members of
be force, will be In the coat, which. In:.Lead of belrg
dght walsted, a.n In the winter suit, will be a l'.oa* sack,
rhe material for both coat and panta will l?e blue flannel.
The steamship CHy of Wsshington, Captain ft. C
Brooks, of the Inman line, wHI sail to day at noon for
Jueenpfown and I.lverjK?ol, from pier 44 North river,
rhe niiilif) will cl >s? at the 1'oel Oilice at half pant ten A. M.
Two entire blocks In the business portion of Iront<>n,
)hlo, werr destroyed by (Ire on the 23d alt. 8cTeote< n
Irms were burned out. and the loss la estimated at one
Kindred thousand dollars.
The stock market was very dull yesterday. Qovcrnnent*
ware rather heavy. Gold opcued at 14?\ and
stored at 142ff.
Tb re was hut lltUt chang* In commercial affairs yes
erday. A fair buslti' >s was done, and as a goneral thing
full prise? obtained f<* both domestic and foreign proluce,
while many kinds were aren higher. Cotton was
le. per lb. higher On 'Changs flonr was mora net;v a
wo on. nigner. niiMwu nrmer, <-oni onu
uid lowor 0*t* d^clfnod le. a 2o., with limited demnnd.
Th? pork market <>(*n?Ml ?lnll anil heavy, but
eloMd ?r'lre and firm. Bo?f ?ai i toady, whll?> lard waa
Arm, with a fair Inquiry. Freight* war* dull and heavy,
md whlskf-y vtm mi<i:h:,nKcd.
Tna Pi.ocitAnK.-Tbe Cabinet, we understand,
have been considering the question of declaring
Ihs blockade at an end. It Is probable that
the time depend* only npon tbo capture of Jelf.
Deris or information of bis escape from the
country. In any event tbe blockade will toon
bo terminated, and then, with a market for
their eotton, in exchange at their own doom for
alt and sugar, coffee and tea, bread and bacon,
ahoea and atockhigs, and the latest fVahiom,
eren the rebellious beeutifal women of the
South will rejoioe thai tbo war la ortr, and bo
ready, "for bettor or for worse," for a union
with "those dot*.table Yankees."
NEW YORK 'HERALD, ?
The Ifejjro Qamtlon-A Settlement With
the Vitcliuai AglUtori, North ?ud
Mouth*
In closing up tfcia terrible civil war, the most
Bauguin-.irj in the history of mankind, wo
natural y recur to vho causes and tbe insli' >
tors of tbia unhappy stiuggle. Wo tTiat (bo
causes underlying and cropping out on nil
sides were slavery and llio political agitation
of the slavery question, North and South; that
the trouble commenced in the convention
which adopted 'he constitution of the United
States, nnd that (he franu-rs of that instrument,
for the sake of the Union, bad to transmit tbut
trouble to their posterity, iu being compelled
to enter into a compromise on slavery, which
include 1, among otber concessions, even the
adoption of Iho African ulavo trade for a term
of twenty years.
Under this compromise the country prospered,
passed triumphantly through another
war with England, and bad rost from any violent
agitation of slavery for thirty years.
But tlion tho question oi the adiniai):on
of Missouri as a slave State convulsed
the nation, and threatened very serious
consequences, till Ilenry Clay calmed tho
troubled waters with the oil of bis famous Missouri
compromise. But twenty years later the
slavery question again stalked In like the ghost
of Banquo to frighten us at our feast over the
territorial spoils conquered .from Mexico, when
agnln a new compromise from Henry Clay, including
tho Missouri compact, gave us another
term of peace. This adjustment would, perhaps,
have lasted for twenty or thirty ys.irs had
not poor Pierce, in 1854, four yearn after its
adoption, under Die influence ol Jeff. Davis,
Mason, Slidell, and their associate Sou'horn
democratic leaders, brought about, as a Presidential
party moasuro, the repeal of tho Missouri
compromise This was the opening of Pandora's
box; this act, which toro tho democratic parly
to piccos, cast it out of power and rapidly,
under their disunion leaders, hurried tho bulk
of the Southern States headlong into tho fathomless
abyss of the rebellion. That KansasNebraska
bill lifted the curtain, and the opening
Bcenca of tho sanguinary drama of civil
war which haa followed were played in Kansas.
In ail this business a henvy responsibility attaches
to tho democratic party; and it has been
fearfully punished for its treachery to itaelf and
the country. Put behind tho old democratic
party, a.id controlling it to it? destruction, wo
find (he real elements of (his mischief in tho
Southern slavery propaganda; just as we find
the elements which destroyed the old whig
p^.rty in the Northern radical abolition faction.
Tbo whig party courted the Northern abolitionists
for their support, and it was destroyed
by a Southern reaction; the democratic party
truckled so basely to the Southern pro-slavery
fire-enters that it was literally torn to pieces by a
Northern convulsion. Those disorganizing abolition
and pro-slavery sectional factions wore
started into life with the establishment of the
first Northern abolition journals, over thirty
years ago. But what with tho tariff, nullification,
the national bank, internal improvements, the
financial revulsion .of 1857 and other leading
questions, tbe power or tho abolitionists as a
political faction was not mado manifest until
the year 1844, on the Texas question, when, by
a strange inconsistency, fifteen thousand abolition
wliigs, in voting for Birney, tbe first regular
abolition Presidential candidate, defeated
Henry Clay and elected Polk. We may now
trace to those fifteen thousand stupid abolition
rotes all the troubles that have followed to the
country.
From that day commenced tbe aotive demoralization
of the two great national parties then
in the foreground?the whig party from its joggling
affiliations with the Northern abolitionists,
and the democratic party from its servile concessions
to the Southern pro-slavery fire-eaters.
Disunion was the political war cry of both
these disturbing factions. "No union with
slaveholders" shouted tho Northern abolitionists.
"Our rights under the constitution, or disunion,"
shouted the Southern fire-eaters. Abolitionists
and fire-eaters played into each other's
hands. On the one side fugitive slaves, in violation
of the constitution and the laws, were
systematically spirited away, and their recovery
resisted in all sorts of petty annoyances; on the
other side abolitionists, by mob law, were systematically
tarred and fenthered when canght
south of Mason and Dixon's line, and were not
at all times exempt from lynching by the roughs
of the Northern democracy. Tl:ose acts of lawlessness
and violence on both sides, by aboli
iiuuinic nuu k'uihiiii u uinuutvuioio, iu uuu uiuc
widened the bitterness of feeling North and
South into a sectional organization of parties,
no slavery and pro-slavery, and we need not
repeat I he con.<e<juencc*.
What we want now is a filial settlement with
those disorganizing sootionul factions on the
slavery question and 'ho negro question. The
war has killed Southern slavery. Lot it bo
buried and put out of the wcy as soon as possible.
It ends the slavery ugiljJ ion. But there is yet
something left for abolition capital in the negro
agitation. Against this demand that as slavery
is abolished, and that as the African race have
powerfully assisted us in putting down the
rebellion and in saving the life of the nation,
they should have a share in the political right
of the ballot box, what vaiid objection can be
made? We cannot long resist this demand in
view of the extinction of slavery and the services
of the Southern blacks during this war.
With every opportunity and in every way
they have been our faithful allies. Wo
havo had two hundred and fiffv thousand
of them in the service of the nrmy
and navy. Tholr battle of emancipation,
involving four millions of their i nc , has turned
the scale in our favor, and we must yield to the
sagacity of President Lincoln's emancipation
edicts. It is folly to nrguo ngainst established
fccts. We adhere to the lights of experience
and common sense. Hence we would say
again to President Johnxon that he has nothing
to fear In laboring to (rive the Southern blacks
the right of suffrage in the reconstruction of the
rebellions 8tate*. Political negro exclusions,
looking to the safety of negro slavery, are no
longer necesjary, slavery be'ng dead. Above
all, we want to see not only the slavery question,
but the negro question, as a political
hubby, permanently settled, so that Northern
and Southern negro agitators may be alienoed,
in being deprived of the last j.^xcel of their
took in trade?negro suffrage In the reconquered
States.
Moot Akwdaht.?It may be observed from
tfte quotations of the government loam taken
up far Mveral days past that they average be*
tween tve aad six millions a day, varying from
[ Jbur lo tevan millions ?? Ala* Thu it is erV
iATPttDAY, MAT 6, 1865.
dent that the government can be supplied with
money almost without limit, bo complete is the
confldcnce in its solvency, and so abundant are
the financial means to moet all its requirements.
The resources of this country are not half developed.
Aa the demands upon them iueroaw,
bo do they yield out of their abundance the
whorcviihal to supply these demands, and the
time i3 now coni ng when this fact will be more
fully realized thun ever before.
Mexico And Ftunrta-'i'lie Mfulean fllut
tcr and the Reported Cemiuut of l'cri'llory.
We publish in our columns to-d'iy two or
throe inlcrohtiiie douumrmU relnl.iv? in Mevir-n.
One is a reply of the Mexican Miuiu'er at WhkIi- 1
ington to I,bo Blatements recently mndo by M.
Costa In t-lio French Legislature. Another la
a translation of tUc?. timely, patriotic and ablo
protest which Setlor Romero addro?sed to our
government on tho 6th of Febru iry last, witli
reference to tho reported sale or hypothecation
by the ox-Archdiifco Ferdinand Maximilian of
Austria of eertnin portions of the territory of
tho republic of Mexico to Louis Napoleon,
Emperor of the French. This protest is naturally
and properly addressed by the representative
of Mexico to tho United States, not only
ns it Is the country to which hois accredited,
i but becaoso of (he vital interest which Iho
United States and all of the republics on this
' continent have in a transaction bo directly
affecting their security as independent sovereignties.
If France has the right to come to this continent
and partition out Mexico at her will, what
safeguard has any other l'owor against a similar
attempt at some convenient time when it
may please Franco or some European Power
to attack them? It is idle for Louis Nnpoleon
to assert that Maximilian is a responsible sovcj
reign. As tho representative of Mexico very
i justly says, he is for Mexico only the ug pt ol
tiie Emjoror of 1ho French. IIo was carried to
Moxioo by Frcnch arms, and he is sustained
there to-day only by French powor. No
specious arguments or assumptions can gloss
over this fact, which is patent to all the world,
and its bearings clearly understood. Consequently
any transaction between Maximilian
and Louis Napoleon is prec sely of the same
nature, and has no other, of a transaction between
Central Bazaine and Louis Napoleon. It
can have no binding force whatever either in
law or in equity upon the Mexlcaft nation. Its
provisions may be enforced bo long as there are
French arms present to euforce them, but they
can bo no longor. For French arms to remain
in Moxlco, however, to keep down the republic,
is for Louis Napoloon to assume that French
arms are to bo stronger on this continent than
tho will of the Amorican poople. Thcro arc
not many who will agree with him in this opinion
after the verdict that has just boon rendered
In (ha TTViIttxl Rtntafl Hint rdnnhiinan inuMtlltifinfl
shall live.
Wo regret, for the sake of thoso sanguine but
Ill-informed financiers of the speculativo persuasion
in Paris who have just made a present to
the unfortunate Maximilian of their first
instalment of the loan which will come quite
convenient for bim to retire upon, that we
could not have communicated to them this
interesting correspondence at an earlier date.
Wo know they would have been pleased to
have seen it before .they Bigned their late con!
tract Indeed, had this been the case, or had
they been better informed as to the course of
affairs on this continent, they would at least
have saved the cost of the paper upon which
their worthless scrip, like the robel scrip in its
every feature, is written. It may be possible
also for them to draw some conclusions from
the nature of Mr. Seward's reply to Seflor Romero's
protest quite at variance, perhaps, with
the assurances so confidently communicated by
M. Rouher in the speech to which so much
credit has unwisely been givon.
We commend these documents to the thoughtful
consideration of the subscribers to Maximilian's
loan, and particularly to the public,
whom they have sought to dupe.
Thk Tribune on tub Leo-biaturb.?Hub there
been a popular error in relet'on to the Legislature
of this year ? Every one supposed it to
bo a tolerably fair body?at least quite as honest
as such bodies usually are ; but tie Trib i,v$
says it was a very corrupt one. Now, It id well
known that the Legislature was republican,
and that tho Tribune is the organ of the party
that elected the Legislature. Must we not suppose,
therefore, that tho Trilnuie has special
sources 01 auowieage on hub subject, ana
knows more about the matter thun the public
doe*?
There was the Health bill, for Instance. It
was acknowledged by all that the pawage of
that bill wonld greatly benefit this city. It was
recognized an n measure full of publio good.
The clergy spoke in Its favor from the pulpit
ertn, and the medical profession and the whole
intelligent community were in its favor. But it
was lost. Has the Tribune any special knowledge
of the secret history of t' at bill, and is
that the knowledge that induccs it to denounce
the -corruption of the Legislaiure T There was
a Warehouse and Pier bill, too?not so necessary
to the public as the other?in which the
Tribune concern was Interested, and in which
the members of the Tribune oonccrn were
namefl as corporators. Perhaps the Tribune
knows how it happened that the Warehouse
aud Pier bill passed, while tho Health bill was
lost. Does U ?
The Tribune dwells upon tho fact that the
Tax levy wui kept back, and ciies out cotraptioti!
Why, tl.en, perhaps it knows all abont
that, too. Has the Tribune been informed that
the levy was kept back in order that there
might be attached to it the Tax Commissioners'
bill, by which the Tribune was to bo made comfortable
and happyT
R. P. V. P.?which, being rendered into the
vernacular, signifies please answer and let us
know all about It.
Emigrants for Mkxtoo.?Agents of the Mexican
ropnbllo at Washington are oalling upon
All* iirTttlnn anlrKara irk ?rAlnnU??
VIII UHWUWI 0VU V UIVU 0VIUIVIO PW TViUIIICVI no
emigrants to Mexico under Tory favorable inducements.
Doubtless oonslderablft numbers
of oar enterprising young men will go, end go,
too, m believers in the Monroe doctrine, and
the government cannot Interfere with their
right to ga How they will he received by the
Emperor Maximilian la another question; but
we suspect that If the Monroe doctrine gets into
Mexico, the Emperor will find It expedient to
get out At the bare mention of this proposition
of f liberally compensated emigration
from the United State* e reaoh a solution of
the Mexiean question withott giving any
> rround of oomnlalnt to Louia Naooleon. or My
p
1 1 ' " '
trouble to oar goreromenv Union anil *fb?l
sold tan will moot on the saflW platform In
Mexico.
Oue Financial Svavm*?We have auvomplisbed
extraordinary tilings in 1Mb country
wi'hln the past <bur years, causing no litU?
as: onial>m?nt in Europe. The way ue (] . '
with the 8tupondo?tf rsbellion and put it down,
the vast military rw(|iriv? which wo developed,
tho utrensfth mtnif<?Hft?d hy our covmiment
wbon, under circumstances vnpnrnllfled in '.h a
country, its elected head wuh fi '^ssfnated, and
yot Ihw utr^ain of ?overnmint on. wi!ti
out a ripple disturbing Its Rurtfceet, aaro Mm
shadow of grief which fell upon tho land?all
tlio&o oventa ure beyond the coinpivdienaion of
tho people of Europe. Jirit they have yet to
witness the most remarkable and novel of till
tho ovents arising out of this war, and that is '
the oftpacity of the oountry to pay the dobt
which the war has created.
It is a notorious fact that no country
In Europe has over paid its war debta. 1
Prom England, with Its four thousand mil- (
lions of dollars of national debt, down
to (be smallest Powers ot Germany, thoy i
have nevor boon nblo ?o do more than j>.?y
the interest, and that by heavy taxation on 1
tho people. They have, on ihe contrary, been 1
Incroapinsj, but never paying off, their debL
But how iB it with us? Tbe debt accumulated ,
by the war of tbe Revolution end that of 1815? i
was not only paid off in a few years,
but, in the time of Jackson, we had a sur- 1
plus of forty or fifty millions, which was distributed
among the States for the purposes of
oduca'ion, and it was not until twenty years
had elapsed that the last Rtito accepted its
q'tota. Tho money Ind, in fact, almost *o bo
forced upon them. The debt incurred by this
war, now Just concluded, immense as it may
be, will be paid off in a few years. Tho generation
now living will see it liquidated, nn;l without
oppressing the peoplo with taxation to a
greater ox'ent than they feel the taxation of today.
We havo borrowed nothing of foreign
" 11 ?-? i.i ? n.? ,ln);MJiv
1 owotb, uut uttvu uium'ju %ju buu ?? t? ^uwi.vij
with onr own resources?have supplied our
own fighting material and onr own money,
wliilo fore'jrn nations were supplying the enemy
with nil that, who needed in the way of
loans and munitions of war, to bo used against
us.
This is somothing in the history of great
ware which the world has never before exhibited,
and it is only a country wi'h such boundleas
resources and such a free arid firm government
that could accomplish it. Despito the
severo struggle through which we have passed
our flnanoial status to-day is without example.
President Lincoln's Retuhn to Illinois.?
When Abraham Lincoln, as President elect, in
1861, left Springfield, Illinois, for Washington,
he was comparatively an unknown man,
oharged with the heaviest responsibilities that
ever fell upon mortal shoulders. After substantially
finishing bis great work, to the
admiration of the country and the approval
of all honest and impartial men
of the world, his mortal remains are borne
back to Illinois with such honors as were
never bestowed upon mortal man beforo.
His funeral procession, starting firom Washington
on Wednesday, the 19th of April, reached
the tomb at Springfield on Thursday, the 4th
of Mayt thus extending through fifteen days,
over a line-of thousands of miles, along which
the precious body of the nation's martyred
leader was honored with every possible manifestation
of grief and veneration by millions of
people. Truly nas ne reiurnea to uiiduw ?
mighty conqueror, lifted to the Bid* of Washington
from his gloriouft work, ami mourned in
every house, from the Atlantic to uio Pacific, as
the head of tho family cruelly taken away.
Mount Vernon and Springfield are widely separated,
but henceforth the visitor to either will
pay his tribute to both.
Tdantsoivino and Fast Days.?The President
of the United States and the Governors
of the several States should be supplied
with an almanac of each of our religious denominations
so thit in the appointment of
thanksgiving and fs>*t days they may not come
into collision with some important festival or
saint's day of this church, that or the other.
Gov. Fonton made a serious mistake in appointing
Good Friday as a day of thanksgiving; but
this was negligence. President Johnson, bowever,
with a Christian almanac before him,
would not have named Ascension day for a day
of mourning. Tho Episcopalians appealed for
a changr, and the day was changed accordingly
to the 1st of June; but here the Jews come in
with the plea that this arrangement will interfere
with their great festival of Shervuous, and
all for the want of a Jewish alumnae. If our
rollglous societies wish tho Prcridrnt or the
Governor to respect their church callendars
they must sond in their almanac s.
Tonm>o Rxtlodbd Under thb Coat. Monopoly.?Tho
government purchases of coal in this
city have been reduced from ten thousand tons
a day to nine thousand tons a week.
Glum* Oi'kra.? Ah tli* RMAon of German (>; :n .id
ranrrat, the houiei are more largely atteudfvl (* <t
night the Academy ? ' pretty fairly filled, prewtiting
on* of Ui* boat appearance* of the Mnnon. Halcvya
gnuvt oper* laJvivt <vua given, with Mme. Johon.- n,
Mine Rotter and Man n. Wrtnlloh, Hiinmer and llal.io
man In Llia natiL The latlnr iranilpman w:ia rrmarknhlr
food m f/eopold. Carl forrooa, It appear*, waa middenly
attacked with the favorite dl*c.iM> of artl*tj known ai
"indhpoeilion," and, therefore, tho part of tho Cardinal
wan aaaumed by Welnlinh, who uing it well, and wax
ery warmly received. t\turf will be tlven to day at a
(rand matin**.
n.tMMT AT Ttm B*"ADWAr Slink-pero'*
gr> at tragedy of Haml-t wa* last night produced at thla
theatre. Th-> attendance of the ynbllc was very large,
and, we need scatrely nay, it eonihtod of the moat
faaiilonable and critical of our cltlxcns. The drama waa
repre*ente<l by nonie leading actors well Itoown to Tame,
and the ben-h and bar were not without their repre
entativae. Considering the llmltod advruitag?i< and re
aonrce* of thii amall theatre for bringing out Hpertacular
piece*, we tniiat say that Hamlet wm very aucceaafully
played. Of Mr. and Mrs. Kean there ran l e but on*
opinion?they are alwaya favorite, because they are
always great. Tet we moat aay that we prefer Mr. Koan
In almost any of hi* other rOUt to the one he austained
last night With a larger stage and more effective aup
port the pteee wonld hare been better rendered; yet alt
that oootd be done under tho clirumatance* waa done,
and well done. The Ophelia of Mina Chapman waa In
every way commendable, and that lady deaervea a word
of praise and encouragement, aa does Mr. Cat heart for
the energy and spirit with which ha played the part of
UNIM
To-night we will bar* a repetition of King John; and
tMoafey next, tho la* of the brief seaaon, Mr.
rtaa Kaan takaa hie benefit, when Henry the Eighth
aad Qm /salons Wife win be represented. Let there be
% fun hahm en bath these ocieOwii by aU mean* .. yr\
/
GtTTTQ TO ET7I10P2.
*<praeiisr> li?fiv?l la the Huilnrm-KfTect
of ilia C?mti<w or (he WiJ oa tit*
Tr? v?ll to thn OI:I Wo.l'l, |
Tlioro U * riu>l? to i': ??'?*?. D<i ' piciel ataamer* ?r?
cro vlui W Ih paswnwri. >:n-inc?, in ? fog for four
your*, W lu suiihIjIu i ?g..in
In (ha paae?-fjl and Uappy tl ue* tW prevailed ju?it
!- fore the breaking out of tbu rebellRiir no people were
iJ*->re celebrated for heir lor? of travel (!? tb? r:ail cS
i f republican Aincri a. Their footstep* wer?to hg found
!n every part of tho ?U'bo. Wli?*ev?r a rititroaA was ln'd,
or a ship ooulit navigate, or a ball <011 gai! un its utr/ voy.
tharo the fanvllar face of Br Mher Jutiatlian '*a* to
be seen iu all Its glory. Obstacles, toirifo or await, \ifrj
mure trifles in li s way, to be over 0,01 at aoou as met
It ina lit little difference to Ul.a wli ithor ho had to par e*
f?M. Prtneiii with Johnny Orapea i In sunny Kran?e, or
, abhor In high Dutch with the Germans, or kl.sa tb?
Vapal t.ie to Roma, or talk politics with John Bull, ?
imwetUat? the humanity of Sambo In Africa, or drln*
taring tea ami Mudy commerco in China or Japan, or
ft rt with the ma 4s, iiin? crinoline, jf tlio s-anrtwicb
Marxta, or wander In the ancient re{liM?? of Hindoo,
K -ypt fir Palestine?the ent rpri.-lng ?n4 ever-ready
Vankew was equally at home. The cot of the pru.?- nl
t?r the Mveo of the K:np ror was open to htm, uod he
walked to with true American style, h?*t!llaut and
bracing. A commerce as unbounded an th? reeonreei J
i>f his country carried the K'tars and Stri)M*s to ?:nry civilized,
and iaaay of the uncivilized, ports of tho unlvorsHt lu
short, Jonathan waa everywhere, nnd al vays chock
rull of liia natural tip rlt of iaicp ndi-nce and or pat r.otic
pride lor lurm? and its Inst tatii>as.
Tho rebellion 1 trade a aad change in all thin. Joralhaa
round ?.) much t?u enpy hlro scrl." 'sly at homo that b?
coased to wandor nioro. Krjm being, In tho opl;.ion of
aristocratic Mtrtbblers, the Paul I'ry of nations, ilwny*
pok'ng lHs naso into strange plarw. ho boc.i.nc radii nlr
a ureal way-at-home, and d svotod hiai.sol to '.''illlu? i jd
fl;;litlus, inston l of wandering and sporting. I'" ?onr
lonj and weary years?years of snffering and trlu'. mie.-i
as no other nntion ever oi.durtd before?thi? dV.v of
affair* continued.
At last a reliction has co?n?. Tlio trlimohant successes
of our u. iny and na/y, and tho pro p ct of toe speedy
dawn of tho day of pcacc, together with t'. o lioa\ y fall
in gold, have revived the American pcnch. t for wandering.
With confirmed ra'th In the r national institutions
and rctored confidence in tho tciui ity of their
properly and effects, they foel once nioro tho old pmsion
impelling them to launch upon tho waves and direct their
course to d'stant countries In search of recreation, plov
sure antt ousina.-is.
The result is Hint the tnvil to the Old World Inn '>e?n
amusingly increased Iwlt hi n the InFt #ve or s:x v eeka.
Rvory veS30l for England, I'ranro, Germany and tb? \
other countries of Europe is crowded to its fullest capacity.
Tho Cunard stevner Persia, which left this port
Wednesday, was unable to arcomiuodate all the replicants ' "
for passive, and carried out an unusually large company
of American trav llers. The Bremen, of the
North German Lloyds Company, which Is announced
to sail on Saturday, will depirt with all her acooramodatipns
for passengers completely e\lia sted. Our report
t was informel at the o 11 o of the company yesterday
that thero were applicants enoiig'i to All threo
vessels of the capacity of (he Bremen, and Hint never
before, since the establishment of the line, were the company
obliged to refuse passaire to people for w;.nt of euf(latent
accommodations. The sa>iiO with Dale's splendid
line it steamers. Thus 't was at nearly all tho ot'isr
ateanishlp offices. Mr. Richards, of the Hamburg American
Packet Company, has otwerved a marvellous Increase
In the n itnbor of si eruge passengers bound on short
trips to their native land. They are three to one aa
compared with the corresponding season last yar.
Amon? the oabln passengers by this route the per cen'^ge
of Amerlcnns Is also very large. The French line also
goes full and Is a success.
Of oourse, at this season every year the steamers are
generally pretty well filled with tourists bound for the
fashionable watering placrs of Europo. But the looreaso
this year Is so entirely beyond anytlilng of tho kind that
has occurred 'or years, that It oan only be explained aa
doe to the Inevitable restoration -tt peace and the consequent
sense of security and enaV?i?efc aperiouccd by
all classes of our poople. Bes d-s, tho American can go
abroad now with more assurance and pride, being no *
longer the citizen of a divided and distracted country,
but of a reunited and more firmly than ever established
republic of States, founded on the surest and wisest principle#
of free government. The reappearance of Brother
Jonathan abroad once more, in all his pride and all his
glory, will teach tho world a lesson which waa Badly
needed It will show that the republ c is not an Institution
to be tumbled down at the first rude shock, and that
it Is aa well constituted to ride through the horrors of
war triumphantly as it la to flourish and expaud amid
the blessings of peace.
Another effect of the explosion of the rebellion bubblo
la tho preparation for a speedy emigration from Europe
to this country a.-aln, on the largcat scale. All the shipping
offices are now disposing of more certificates of paammutk
In * waaIt than niArl tr* h* hiarmuuth of In a month
form rlf. Those cert i flea tos are for persons preparing I*
leave Europe for free Amorlca. The agents of the American
steam linos In Europe write that the emigration will
be enormous during the next three months, from England,
Ireland nod tho Interior of Germany. Let them
com*?there is room for all, and more too.
Initial Trouble* In th* Korthwrit.
8t. Pa en, Minn., May 6, 1861.
A party of six Indians murdered four persons, nam*4
Jowott, In Bine Earth county. A half-breed, named Campboll,
waa lynched ag one of the murderers. In his con- ?
femton he staled that nlno bands of Indians, numbering
on? hundred, were In the vielnity-of Mankato. Plenty
of troops are in the vicinity, and they will probably captura
the muderors end prevent furthor mUcUlef.
Ohltaary.
MATH or RKV. KHWAIIU I.YNC0.
Yosaatts, N. Y , May 6,1!M.
Rev. Edward I.yneh, of Youken), died at ten o'clock
to-day.
DIATII or A BOSTON BANK PRESIDENT.
Boston, May ft, 1808.
J. Amory Davis, Pr-sldtnt of the Suffolk ll.iuk, dlc4
this morning, afU*ra brief I linens.
Vii.t.anova's Ookcert. ?Mr. Vlllanova, the em'nent
plan! rt gives his grand concert at Dodworth Hall llila
evening. In the estimation of many Mr. Ylllanova ia
not excelled by Qotteclialk as a plarlt>t.
Matjxm at Iavmc Ham After a considerable Inter*kl
In wlilrh lha irtkl? liuvA ripllchtinif the dent
sens of otlior cities, Mile d? Katow ami Mr. Welill will
perform at a final matint In Irving Hall this afternoon.
No doubt their reappearance will he welcomed by those
who have learned to appreciate the talents of both artlsta.
Trr* Sijimpimo Its*<jtt?Grand The falrjr
spectacle of the "Sleeping Heauty," which h.m had such
a sucrc.s*frl n>n at the Olympic, will be produced, with
ail Its brilliant attraction*, at a grand mating, today.
This will be a One opportunity fur those ladies au4
children who have not yet seen Ik
Tim Noam AmirhA* A*D ITALIAN Stuavswu- CTHPA T.
A low company, hearing the above title, rooently chart<
red by tbo Legislature of this 8ta?e, wm organised yesterday,
at a meeting of the directora held at tho As to*
House. The corporator* are Charlej M. Wllkins, GeorR*
Maclcay, 11 ram Dixon and Willlim K. Hagan, of New
York, N. U. Bryant, of llofton, and James Pollock nn4
J. H. WaHon, of Phlladelplla. H. D. Ko^er, of Pennsylvania,
and Hiram Barney, Osborne Mncdanlel, O. F. Suechl
de Cafall and K K Kendriek, of Now York, have
been oonstltutod a^aocluto directors, under the pro vial una
of the chailer.
We understand thai this line of afamahlpe has bcea
estubllrihed under a special concession of the Italian goreminent,
who are deairoe.a of forming closer and mora
tstonded relations with the United States, and that It baa
granted to the company the moat favoraala terms for tUO
transmission of the mala between the tiaa countries, with
a guarantee of four per cent upon the oapltal of foar mil*
lions of dollar*. The line will be started Immediately, M
run between New York and Genoa^ tou'/hlng at Madeira
and Cadis, tliua aflordmg dirocl emm-.bkatlon between
New York and those placee, whlah hi* long been desirable
for the ooovenlenoe and economy--of peaeengera, who
are now compelled to go, rla Ingle At, and other Indirect
routes, as well aa for our large a<i# growing commerce.
Lav?c? or a Prurr Bcut?.Tha new pilot boat William
Bell will be launched at, Are Unlock this afternoon,
from ^4 yard of Edwin, 1\ ^iHiarau, at Greenpoint
She l? to take the plaoa of the William Bell which wac
daffroyed by tha pirate Tallv'inuoee off itendy Hook la?t
^ 4tufie?. The new pilot bjru It expected to be a verf
r fast sailer ,