THE SITUATION.
The rival armies In Virginia ?re not likely to come to
? decisive atriigile tor rome daj*. General Grant atatea
In hi* official deapaicbce yesterday that I.ee Is In poases
?ion of a strong loaltloa between the North and touth
Anna rirers, and that It will require a few days to de
weU>t> hta oieratloua Let baa pro\>ably been comj e' led
by the cloae rursuit ot General Grant's army to make
? aland at tbta point, in order to euBure bke further re
treat towards Richmond. Our wounded are arriving lo
large Ourober* from Fredericksburg. The stores also
ooarly all carried away frcrp that polul.
There is no ofCcial news fro^ other Ic.idirg polols
where our armios are aged,
Noiblnj '.Bier from General fuller is reported. Our cor
yyipondeoU' accounts or the particulars of his late ctm
palgn ?rill be foticd IntereMing. It appears that the cap
ure jf Fort Darling was no rarl of h s programme The
rebel batteries on the .lames river ke"p up a comtast Ore
upon our transport* Kverytbmg wa? quiet at the front.
ce4r nermuda La.ding, on Wednesday, our latest dates.
The latest news wc have of General Sherman's opera
tion* la the atatement to the Nashville Unitn of tb? 25ib,
that be has flauktd Ceneial Johnston on the west or
Atlanta, lakiag the roads W I-u las and Pauldiug. N.)
details or the move , eot are given, lhe nc.vs reacbei
m by telegiapb frou, Louisville, vre give a taap ot the
vriolcily to day
A o^>ufiriualtoti of tbe repcrt of the capture of the
I'oiied states gunbuala Granite City and WaTe by the
rebels, near Sabiue Pass, reaches us tbr<iU|b MobHe,
rr-'Tn which point a telegram wia seut to the Richmoud
papers >a tbe ltib tti.'t , dels ling the uct
COR GEE8B.
Tti ibe ?etiaie yesterday Mr. Johnson, or Maryland
ofloieJ a re?olutUn, nuith was ordered to be prlntr',
ceiling ob tbe Prealdent for Infcrm.Uton in refereoce t >
the recent eitrad.t:oo of ^er.or Arguclles. Mr. rowell,
?r Kentucky, mtrodioeti a resolution condemning
the liU ?jsi>cc-icu of publication of Ibe World
and Jownai of Qxnaterce, ?L,<L w ?a also or
dercd to ha ? prkted. Tb: Executive, I.rp-latlre
?'id Judicial Approbation bill wa? reioiled from
tbe Hoir e Convince, with ibe disagreementa
thereto or tbe Ho .it, whtc the 4en He resolved to adhere
to its I'ofti'loo end or it-re<! it uew c^nlcreme commlt'ee on
Ibetut^ect Tbe Interna! Tax bill ?u t'uen takes tip,
U4 tbe amendments of ibe senate l^nance Committee,
?o far ax the ie?d of of tbe biH bad prgra.^ed, were
general) v c ncurred In, in tommitteo of tbe Whole. Tbia
?ct ujihiU iua Senate up to cu.e o'c'.ock at night wben It
ad.toorned, w'th^it bar r.g reached a c nc'.uswo U ibo
reading of tbe bill. |
In tbe Houee of Kepresetit?tiv*j, tbe Committee on
Commerce aaWed W-av* 10 rep ft a bill apfrcpti-ttiug
1360,000 for tbe^prcaervatkea ^nd repair ol tbe public
work* on tbe Inkos aod reacovt. but objection ?n made,
end Mr Ksabburue gare net oe that tie would more a
?'upenaioe of the rules oc M< ndiy next la order to intro
duce it. The consideration of tbe (nnndian Reciprocity
treat/ was resumed. After debate tbt emen'imeat of
V r. Am id providing for ibe a, p< iutment of tommla
?t'oeca to negotiate a tew treaty, *a> reecUd? fifty fonr
to ninety-seven. Mr. M Tfill'i substitute, re<iueailng tbe
president to give the stipulated notice to ibe Hrltisb gov.
?rumeni for tbe teru.ibatioc of tbe treat/ waa alto re*
J*cle4-?event/-four to eight/ two Ibe aubject waa
then, on motion of Mr. Ptevecs postponed till the lecood
Tuesday in December next by a vote ot aeveoty-e.gbt
?gainet seventy two Ibe Military Committee naked
leave to report a bill providing for Ibe aummary piolsb
Jpeul or guerillas but it waa objected to by tba oppo
Co It.a Senate bill for tbe payment of claims of cttl
of I'era waa r-aaied, and ibe r?< une adjourned.
MISCELLANEOUS IKTI
Tbe New Orleana /'??,?? of tbe Htb lna(. retains j
Re following lnUr*> g temi ?Tbe Ppeolah pa|?ra
#*lv*d la fl?v ar.tt announced that thora exist* among
ft" pertlee la Ik* 8paot?b Ctortaa a rtn. rmtnatlon to retain
Jti Doming* aod .oompiet* it* tjbjugatlon A further
t roe of Ofuen thouaand men aod one hundred mHtl"ua
dotiara arc to be aecl out at cnee, and thirty th >uaand
W>ea will foUew to tb* tall If n?*ded Among tbe gaa?
?alnwbe had offered tbeir nervloea, If needed , were tbe
>uka of Tatoan (0 n*u*ll), tbe Dnke da la Tour.r.eBeral
lerraao late Oaytala Oeaeral *f Qaba, Genera'. I araandi,
ate Via later of War, and aaaay others Tbe climate
Man* te b* U?e efclef eeemy with wblch to oont*nd.
[lea Jaaa to Boar bee la now la receipt of a peeston from
Ifta Oases'* pritj pore* He aaaaat retnra la Hpata
vttaat Urn aapi aaa anaatl *r Ota Cartla.
*t pmk ? Oman mm mm <0v?mv
President Hajes In the chtlr._ After ths p-eseutation of
? nuuber of uolmportetit resolutions end report#, wNcV
were referred. resolution presented by the Umuiittce
J oe Salarlu? end Offlcee, hi favor of Increasing I tie pvy of
the Inspect 01 ? In the Crotoi. Aqueduct Deptu lineal hi d
tbe Inspectors of laiu|>e iu tbe ;ti eel fepm truenl tn %'i 60
per d?j , were adapted. Tbe Board pa.nl UiOu e Urge
Dumber of k?u< rul orders of a routine character, aud ad
journed till Monday.
Ibe additional i*nel of Jurors suirmoned jreete;dsy la
tbe General Sessions to try tbe Indictment agaliut fcdwaid
Hunter, charged with the murder of bis wilt, la Seventh
avonue, was exhausted bo' ore a >iry was obtuioed.
Ilnveo Jurors were swora, after wtilcb tbe Keooider <>T
dnrcd the absent jurers to be fined tfrenty-flve dollars
mu b, and dire ted fl:ty jurors 10 be tailed, out of whloh
uumber It Is expected l tie twelfth Juror will be ?e!e u?d
TUe 111th annual reoeptton of tbe papllaof tbe Male Art
Itopartmect of tbe (' oper Colon look place laat o van tag,
aud, notwithstanding the unfavorable state of the
weather, wis largely attended. Tbe tilth story of the
building Is set apart 'or the exhibition of tbe ;<rt produo
tlons of tbe male department, tbe floor be'ow being de
voted to tbe fomalo departmont. Tbe architectural
drawing* on exhibition in this department tire of ibe finest
description , many of them being equal to some of the
best productions of the foremost arobiiecta ef the city
Some free band drawings, taken from.plasler oasts, reflect
a great deal of credit oa tho pupils, tbe ceoloe belt g
perfect far ti milts of the originals. Every department or
nature has its counterpart faithfully represented In the
numerous and varied epecitnens of drawing in water and
oil colors, sod the collet-lion, taken as a whole, Is highly
creditabte to the lnaittutton ? bicti affords tbe young men
of the oily such an opportunity to acquire such proficiency
In tbls important branch of art. This evening tbo closing
exorcises, which will consist of singing aud addresses,
and the reading of tbe annual report of tbe trustees, will
lake pSce lu tbe ball of tbe Institute.
The storm yesterday contributed to restrict operatloua
aud to pull dawn price* of railroad shares. Gold waa inac
tive during tbe day, and sold ou tbe fractions between 183
aud 184. Government securities continued firm , and a
strong fore'gn demand for tbe five twenties raised tbe
quotations to 10T a 107
Tbe fall In gold and tbe severe rain storm combined to
render tbe business transactions even lighter thau usual
yesterday, when there was scarcely anything done except
Inn few articles. Imported goods were deeMcdly dull,
and prions were entirely nominal. We may remark,
however, that holders were very generally firm In their
views. Petroleum oontinued in good demand ; but prices
were a shade easier. Cotton was still bigbsr. On
'Change breadstuflb were dull and drooping, though prices
show no decided change. Pork was again dearer and
fairly active. Lard closed dull. Other provisions un
changed. Whiskey firmer. Freights firm.
TUe Operations of Generals Grant and
Sbtrman.
From the Army of ths Potomac we bare the
good news that Geueral Lee has bsen onoe
more brought to bay. He is reported by
General Grant to be in a strong position be
tween the North and South Anna rivers. It
wa3 probably no part of General Lee's plan to
make a stand at this point when he left the
neighborhood of Spotteylvanla Court House.
Except that his line of communication is some
what shorter, his new position has apparently
no advantage over the one he left, and it is not
likely that, merely to shorten his line, he would
further injure the morale of his army, already
poor, by such a run as he has just made.
General Lee certainly left Spottsylvania to
go to Richmond; but he has either vacillated
and changed his plan or Grant followed so fast
that Lee found It impossible to get across the
South Anna in time to get away safely, and so
took up a new position. We think the latter
the more probable, as the pursuit had
bees pnshed to the extreme limit
what our men could^r:r. Secretary Stan
ton's deerV.A Indicates that we need not
expect news of importance from this quarter
for two or three days. Wo do not apprehend
that the next news will, when it comes, be the
news of the decisive battle, but only of some
minor assault made by Lee to cover anotbet
attempt to run away, or perhaps the news of
another retreat in the night, even without the
poor ruse of an assault to cover it.
General Sherman evidently doe? not Intend
to go to Atlanta by the roads that Johnston
has picked out and filed for him. Though
the Charleston Mercury inform* Its readers that
Johnston holds all the roads loading to that
place, Sherman appears by our news to Jay
to have flanked both Johnston and his roude.
by an advance through Paulding oonnty to the
northwopt of Atlanta, and to be as near to that
city as Us defenders were. Johnston s army is
reported to be willing to ''follow him any
where," aud we have no doubt fchnt that excel
lent disposition has carried them beyond
j Atlanta by this time.
Tiir Advance or tux Rrromi Movkmknt in
Emji.ani*. ? Tbo enthusiastic greeting of Gat |
baldi by the working clnsses in England gave
great concern to the British government, be
cause it well knows that a desire for reform has
taken possession of the masses ef the people,
and it feared that the advent of the illustrious
patriot would unduly excite and encourage this
feeling. That there was ground for the alarm
betrayed by the Queen s ministers has been
proved by subsequent events. Mr. Gladstone*
the Chancellor of the Exchequer, seeiug that
reform mnst win, boldly adopted this cause,
and made in Parliament a magnificent "reform
speech, 1 which, at last advices, continued to be
the universal sensation in England. It is pre
dicted by the liberal journals of London that
Mr. Gladstone will l>c the next Prem'er. as the
1 government will have to favor the reform
movement in order to keep its hold upon the
! people: and as Mr. Gladstone it now the lead
ing spirit he will have to be conciliated. It ia
! easy to conceive that this is but the cominence
: ment of that movement which shall firmly
?etablish the supremacy of the people ol Eng
land and the consequent downfall of the
aristocracy. It another portion of this journal
t will be found extracts from Mr. Gla-lstonos
! speech.
j A Batch or Stat* Conventions? Tuk Shoiu.t
' IUnj*MCANS Waleino OvESTHt Cotiasa.? With
in the last few days State conventions of the
republican faith, for the appointment of dele
gatos to Baltimore, Ac., have been held in New
York, Ohio, Illinois and Kentucky, and in all
of them the shoddy republlcana, stwdlng firm
tor President Lincoln, have carried the day.
The only State left la deubt Is Missouri, In
which there U a regular split between the im
placable abolition radicals and the shoddy ites,
each faotloa moving Independently of the
other. It matters very little, however . whether
Ssmbo or Shoddy comee np winner In Mlaeourl.
The nomination of Abraham Llaoolo by the
Baltimore Convention {a oat aad dried, and all
theee little side ooarentloaa of the tadloale are,
we saspeot, la the market, aad will be boug
J* a ?fi*e la rtUlf. I**
The oflldTal statement la tfco Part* Manitrrtr
that Secretary 8oward had disavowed and an
noaooed hi* Intention to disregard the reso
lution pasted by Congrwf In regard to the
oocupatioa of Mexico by the French has ex
oltcd considerable comment both at home and
I abroad. In the diplomatio correspondence
published yesterday the whole matter la very
cleitrly and satisfactorily explained. Both
Secretary Seward and Minister Dayton deservo
a treat deal of oredit for the ability with which
they hare avoided any embarrassments in our
, present relations with France, while giving no
! guarantees that we will sot Interfere to settle
the Mcxican imbroglio hereafter.
It appears from this correspondence th >t
Napoleon was very much troubled at the
unanimous adoption of the resolution of Con
gress In opposition to the recognition of a
monarchy in Mexico. When Mr. Dayton called
upon M. Drouyn de Lhnys he was met by the
curt and emphatic inquiry, "Do you bring us
peace or bring ns war?" This insinuation that
France would consider any interference with
' her plans in Mexico as tantamount to a decla
ration of war was very promptly answered by
Mr. D.iyton, who explained that the resolution
merely embodied the unauimous sentiments of
the American people; that these sentiments
had already been made known to the French
government, and that thfs reas-erfion
of them by Congress vu no proof
of any immediate intention upon the
part of the United States to engage
in a war with France. The French Minister
listened attentively to these remarks, but "ob
viously received the resolution as a serious
step" taken by tie American government.
The secessionists abroad were highly delighted
at the prospect of a foreign war, and Mr. Ma^on
posted to Brussels and Mr. Slideil made re.uly
to go to Austria, to foment the intrigue.
In the meantime Secretary Seward sent n
despatch to Minister Dayton, In wbioh he de
clared that, while the resolution in question was
a correct interpretation of the feeling of our
people, and while the President received tfie
declaration of Congress with profound respect,
yet the putting of that reeolution into practice
was an act of the Executive, and not of Con
gress, and that the Executive "does not at pre
sent contemplate any departure from the policy
which this government has hitherto pursued in
regard to the war .?hich exists between France
and Mexico,'' and that 4,the French would be
seasonably apprised of any change upon this
subject." Upon hearing this deepatoh read
M. Drouyn de Lhuys "expressed bis gratifica
tion;" and Mr. Dayten adds that "tbe extreme
sensitiveness which was manifested by this gov
ernment when the resolution of the House of
Representatives wns first brought to its know
ledge bas, to a considerable extent, subsided.'7
This ends the correspondence, and leaves the
! whole question exactly where it was before.
The force of tbe explanations offered to the
French government evidently lies entirely in
tbe words "at present.'' To undertake tp
drive France from Mexico "at present" would
be worse than folly. We must be satisfied to
do one thing at %^time. When the rebellion is
subdued, as it soon must be, then we shall be
gin to settle our accounts with Franc . T u?
resolution passed 'Congress was simply a
notice of vufr future intentions. 80 tbe Frcncb
regarded it after tbe first sensitiveness and
alarm bad subsided, and so long as no immedl
ate hostilities are commenced Napoleon is con
tent He i? already withdrawing bis soldiers
from Mexico. The letter of our Havana cor
respondent informs us that a shipload of them.
en route for France, stopped there recently.
Shrewdly calculating upon our neutrality "at
present," the French Emperor intends to let
Maximilian take care of himself when our
civil war is over. We are very glad that he
has followed our advice upon this point: but
unless he hurries off his troops more quickly
be will yet be caught iu the Mexican trap.
His obvious alarm at tbe resolution of Con
gress justifies us in believiog that he will re
double bis exertions to escape from this
dilemma. Napoleon knows as well as we do
that, whatever may be tbe policy of tb?> United
States "at present," the triumphant vindication
of the Monroe doctrine is one of the inevitable
certainties of the future.
I
GE\r.lUI, GkANT AND THKTkIMI:**. ? III yester
day's Tribune. there ia a singularly concocted
article insinuating that, although Grant may
have don* a little fighting, what he bus dune
does not amount to much. Il critically and
maliciously declares that Grant "has made no
flunk move nent;" that (jrant itm "in doubt''
and -'cautious'' about Lee's movements; that
he was "not in possession of complete informa
tion' about the rebel army; that Hancock was
"too late to intercept, or to overtake even, tbe
rear guard of the rebels;" that I^e "IkwI been
for days withdrawing his forces;" that he "got
away unexpectedly'' and "covered bis retreat
so adroitly that it was not known till two or
three ,<laya later,'' and that he is now running
lor Richmond and General Grant is running
after bim. These statements are very carefully
covered up; but their malice is apparent. They
are in strict accordance with the Tribune's plan
of attacking popular men, although they are
altogether at variance with the facta, and with
Secretary Stanton's bulletin published yesterdny
morning. Tne radicals begin to fear that Grant
is getting too strong a hold upon the hearts of
the people, and hare at length taken courage to
begin to underrate bis ability and his general
ship. This is a game that has been played be
fore, and It is net unexpected, and will oot be
successful. But we may look for more of such
articles in tbe Tribune, tad shall soe them fol
lowed up, before long, by other radical papers.
Let them commence their dirty work. Tbe peo?
pie will settla all these things in November.
Ths A>m-ExTiuvAaAXO( >lovKitK>r.? The
movement set on foot for the discouragement of
tbe use of imported articles does not originate
so exclusively with tho ladles a to generally
supposed. We believe that the malt sex hare
had a good deal to do with it, at least in the
way ef prompting- certain rich fathers end
husbands being desirous of Imposing restsalnts
on tbe expenditures, whether reasonable or
unreasonable, of the members of their house
holds. Is any case the ladles deserve credit
for the readiness with which they make
these sacrifices on the altar of patriotism.
But, if it is desirable that tho ladiss should
Impose privations on themselves ia order to
aid the oause, we see do reason why their
lords and masters should not do likewtoe.
The movement should oertalnly begin trtlfc
them. Let them lay said* th*tr expensive j
broadoiotha, their eeetly foreign wln*s, thflt
HHfHh (NVtt th? tMM WlNl!*'
T I M'? - .V
fm ported for their 4M. 'When tt?y done
tbia it wtti bo lime mufh for th? > to
their wives nd daughters to abandon the
foreign fabrlos which, by long habit, have
become Indispensable to them.
Tbe Shaw Patriotism ?( tb? Waatta'a
D?mi Became Kavtaiaat.
The pare patriotism and aelf-abnegatlon of
the Northern people in all the eaaential ele
ments tending to strengthen their armiaa and
aid In the suppression of the rebellion are be
yond all praise. They bare witnessed almost
with tearless eyes entire households swept
away, and fathers, sons and brothere fallen
victims in a most savage and sanguinary war.
Nearly a million of men have been called to
tho field within a little more than three years,
millions of treasure have been voluntarily given
by private individuals In a hundred different
ways in aid of the causo, sacrifices of the most
noble description have been submitted to. In
short, everything that an enlightened people
could do to sustain a national name and exist
ence has been already done to that end, and
the fountain of patriotism is still far from being
exhausted. But, while we rejoice in these evi
dences of a sound national vitality and a pure
and unselfish patriotism, we are pained to wit
ness a movement started by American women
which is calculated to deprive themselves of
auxiliaries which lend a charm and elegance to
their natural graces, aud which will accomplish
nothing of good, but inflict a positive injury
upon the country. We refer to the dress re
form movement. Let our readers read the fol
lowing: ?
WOMKN'S PATRIOTIC ASSOCIATION FO* DIMINISBINO
1 1I It USE or IMrORTRD Ll'XirBIEP.
LETTER FROM MR. SAM OFL HOOIYR, CHAIRMAN' COMMITTER OF
WAYI AND MEANS, HOCSS OF EJk BRMIXI'ATIVH*, ADD MR.
Al RXANPaa H. RICE, M. c.
Horos or Rsrasaa mauve*, )
Washington Cmr, May 3, 1864 J
I.adibr? We have received (be note with which you
honored us respectively under date of the 18th all., in
forming us that a meeting of ladles had been held to con
eider the expediency of giving up, for the (resent, the
use of some of the most expensive article* of luxury,
such as silks, satins, velvets, laces, French millinery,
fee. . and asking our opinion respecting the advisability
of the measure, stating also that you had been Inlormed
that the diminutlOD of the foreign debt, or of the United
States revenue, from this movement, would be too incon
siderable to be of muoh moment. You are pleased also
to ask us to give you our opiuioa of the expediency of
your uniting to carry the propose'd measure into affect,
and we cheerfully comply with your request.
As every dollar added to the revenue by the duty oa
importations involves an expenditure of more thin two
dollars for the cost of the article abroad, the national
wealth will bo increased by aty reduction of tevenuofrom
that source.. Whether the elect on the foreign debt
woui'i be inconsiderable or not would, of oonrse, depend
i'U the extent to which the movement w juld be oarricd.
Almost every country has special advantages in regard
to the production of some articles, arising (rom peculiar
causes, such as climate, soil, or the skill derived from
the long pursuit of an employment As a general princi
ple. it miy be said that our foreign commerce Is benefi
cial to the nation only so far as it exchanges products
which we can furni?h cheaper and bettor lor the pro
ductstother countries can fmn'.sb cheaper aud better to
us. Bo for, therefore, as the Imported articles are neces
ssry and useful to us, the foreign commerce which sup
plies them in exchange Tor articles of our own production
is useful to the country.
On ex.imioins statement* of the imports of
previous vears we find the annual value in
manufactures of silks to have been about.. $27 .600 .000
Or I ic<>s l,60o, 000
Of embroiderios... 4 500,000
Total $33,600,000
Or wluex, over $4,000,000
Of spit Its, over 4,000,000
Of segars, over 44000,000
12,009,000
MakBg $4$ ,600,000
1 his large amount cwlsted of articles or luxary which
w4re neither necessary nor usoful, and added nothing to
the weajih of the country. As gold was sent abroad to
pay for tbera, the couutry wan poorer .lor lb* TO.*J/uTV?Vitm
of i hof e articles flA iftfift'ai export of specie baa been
nb >ul. 'ooo eoo The export ia a single recent week
of $2,000 ,000 in gold fr<. as Hew York, end the import of
more than $7,000,000 of merchandise, is a striking illus
n ation of the extravagance or our people. Far belter
would it be for the Industry of the couutry if that gold
wero thrown into (be tea than to send it abroad, as we
are now doing, to p>y for ueeleaa luxuries. The ladies
would then dieas in the bauutirul fabrics of our own
maaufaciorUs and the gentlemen dispense with tbe use
of imported wines, brandies and sejtnrs.
Kntorlainiog lUe.se views, we have no hesitation In ssy
ing Unit just so far ss the ladies abstain from Iba use or
Imported silks. Ratios, velvets, laces and Irene ti milli
nery, asd tentlemnu abstain rrom tho use of imparled
winix. bnindies and segars, tbev are discouraging habits
of enlravagnnce In drrs? and living, stimulating Ameri
can industry aud skill io many departments, diminishing
the foreign debt and increasing the ability of the rotinlrv
to meet tin* expenditures oi tbe war. We are, lidics,
with great ies{ect, very truly yours, 5. HOOPF t,
ALF.X H RlCF.
Mrs. CoavsUA I/W1V0, Mrs AREA P M Rourrs, Mr?
Mart J. Quscv, ll'.ss Arht \y Mat, Foston
Mr. Hooper Is chairman of th? Committee of
Ways and Means, and Mr. Rice is chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, in the House
of nepreaeuUtivoH. They both represent the
city of Boston - one coming from the north and
the other from the south end. with slices of
Chel-ea. Cambridge and Roxbury thrown iu a-*
sort of spokes to make a respectable wheel for
"the Hub." Mr. Hooper's official business is
to provide moans for the support of the pov
eriunent. We see how he does it, or rather
docs oot do it. He encourages a movement
which proposes to abolish a fruitful source of
revenue to the froverntnent. and suggests no
Hnbstitute. His official position requires him
to supply ? he u?e# it to drain or destroy? the
resources of the public treasury. He lends the
aid of his grny hairs and large mercantile expe
rience to help a number ef highly respectable
elderly ladies and a nuaiber ef equally respec
table youn^ ladies to muke thcm?elves ridicu
lous. Hooper is old. but not very ugly. Why
should he. then, strive to induce the fair daugh
ters of the North to ape the fashions of their
unfortunate sisters of the South, and wear
linsey-woolsey and homespun? In one case
necessity is the excuse; and, although necessity
is the mother of invention, and the Southern
ladies have been obliged to resort to all sorts
of contrivances to make a presentable appear
ance, who ever knew a pretty woman to adopt
a rude homespun hnbit when she could as
readily procure one of silky aeftaess and
beauty? In the case of the Northern ladles
there exists no such neocssity. The fabrles of
the world are offered to them, and the sails
of coiaaeroe are filled with breezes which
a prosperous people and ready cash oan always
raise when required. Tbe more marketable
goods we import the better it is for comtaerce,
for the public treasury, for poor people and
for the country at large. Mr. Hooper knows
this; bnt bis ideas are probably not yet di
vorced from the notions of that period when
Now England manufacturers were as potent
an oligarchy and as unscrupulous tyrants as
was ever Ring Cotton. He therefore, on the
plea of abolishing the nee of foreign luxuries
io tbe way of ladies' dreeees, and under the
cloak of a sanctimonious and hypocritioal
patriotism, Would re-establish the reign of the
oatioo prinoes of the ?est, au? Jtumlliate Ante'
rieen ladies before the olrlfiseJ worl<l- Mr.
Rice, tbe coadjutor of Mr. Hooper la this iV
surd business, Is a younger, and perhaps not a
worthier, representative of "the Hub." He is
a dapper tittle maa, Is In .the printing paper
trade, and very abstemious. He could dispense
wlih foreign luxuries In tbe wa y of wines with
out being incommoded in tbe least, and the
Importation of foreign laoes, silks and satins
would net die trees him mnob, provided be
ootid secure the couateoanoe and support
of tbe calloo and oodflib arletoeraey of
tbe oil/ be In part repreoenta. Mr.
Moo woald be far bettor employed, from Mo
ms Mm as ohairmea of (to Committee mi
Mural ***** ++
dering operations going on 6 *!*? department
of the government OYer rtlgfc he is p *esumed
to ejwfoiae m Imports*! Geagcwpioual sfl^r"
|Mm than la this sflly effort to pr? crlba the
?tfie end texture of the skirta to be worn by
loyal women. Let him think of It
But, in point of fact, how doei this whole
matter stand? The question la whether we
shall hold on to our gold or send it abroad for
luxuries, such as laces, silks, satins, Ac.
Now, we are a gold producing country; gold
grows here; it is the product of our soil, and
the crop ie reaped by the industry of our
citizens. Franoe is a lace produoing country.
We raise more gold from our soil in a twelve
month than France con raise from hers in a
century. France produces more laces and
other luxuries than ourselves, and we find it
cheaper and better to purchase them of her
than to endeavor to produce them ourselves.
We give France our gold, and she supplies us
with luxuries. It is a good thing for Franoe
that she has them to furnish, and it is a good
thing for us that we have gold to pay her with.
It Is a happy thing all around, and only
croskers and whining hypocrites can soe the
subject in a different light.
This entire dress reform movement is a
humbug. It is the offspring of a sham
patriotism, and is fostered by secessionists,
who, because their own ladies cannot at
tire themselves in rich and becoming robes,
aim to humiliate our loyal ladies in the eyes of
civilized society by bringing them down to their
own humble standard or refinement in dress.
Another aim of the secessionists is to reduce
our revenue; and anything calculated to pro
duce that result is, of course, most assiduously
enoouraged by theui. Hence their support of
this reform clothes movement. We say let the
American women deck themselves with the
richest fabrics of the East. None can be too
precious or too costly for the adornm at of
their persons, and nons so rare as to impart a
charm whioh they do not themselves reflect.
Let the gold Bow as from the born of oornuoo
pia, and let all the world know that, although
we are in the midst of a most terrible war,
American ladies have not lost their good sense,
their refinement, their appreciation of the de
mands of polite aooiety, nor their husbands
their ability to pay their tax bills and other
luxuries in solid gold.
Thk 8oith Carolina Frbk State Presidhn
?rur. Convention ? A Modbi. Concern. ? In the
Paliiielto Herald of the 19 th instant, a seven
by-nine journal published at Port Royal, S. 0.,
we have a report of the prooeedings of a
"Man State Convention" held at Beaufort u>n
the 17th, for the purpose of appointing dele
gules to the Baltimore Republican National
Convention of the 7th of June. This official
report, however, is a mere outline of the pro
ceedings of this Beaufort gathering, with the
radical white and black equality resolutions
adopted, and the list of white and black dele
gates. But we have before us a private letter
which explains the true character of the con
cern, and the facts thus communicated we
cannot withhold from the tgvWZVFMlk.
dare say that, after reading tbem, Old Abe
will confess that this Beaufort Free State Con
vention beat* bis best experiments in the same
line all hollow, and that he will be somewhat
taken aback at the scurvy treatment he hat re
ceived.
First, the State of South Carolina repre
sented in the convention eonsists of a few
little sea islands around Hilton Head, held
under the "old flag" by a considerable land
force and a fleet of gunboats ? not a foot of the
mainland of South Carolina beiog yet reoov
ered. Secondly, the people represented by said
convention are United States soldiers and sail
ors, black and white, and camp followers and
contrabands. Thirdly, '-the convention," in the
language of our informant, 'was composed
mostly of negroes.'' Fourthly, the delegates
tbcy selected to go to Baltimore were General
Saxton, Military Governor; A. 0. Smith, Tax
Collector; Major Farker, Paymaster, United
S(ate3 Army, followed next in order by E. S.
Dudley, Robert Small, Prince Rivera, Henry
Haynes. King Thomas, Sergeant Williams ? all
contrabands, or "geminca of color;*' next
Messrs. Cooley, Dunbar and Robblns, army
Antlers, and next IT. G. Jndd, chief Mogul
among the centrabaods, and a lot of other
civil dignitaries, teachers of negro schbols,
plantation managers from "down East," Ac.
If. G. Jndd oallod the assemblage to order, and
on hi* motion the officers of the convention
were appointed. In fact, Jndd, chlcf of the
contraband camps, was the master of oeremo
uies, and the "colored delegates,'' aocording to
the Palmetto Herald'* authentic report of the
meeting, "occupied scats on the left of the
hall, while the whites were left standing on
the other side.'*
The resolutions adopted abolish all distinc
tions of creed, party, race or color,- and go la
for a division of the lands ef the rebel Btates
after the fashion of William the Conqueror.
But they make no declaration ai to their Irst
choice for the Presidency. This is a very re
markable omission, when we consider Uist
every man of this convention is fed, clothed
and fattened by Honest Old Abtf They owe
everything to him, and yet they give him the
oeld shoulder. We guess they hare taken their
cue from Wendell Phillips, and consider Old
Abe a little Hnby on the great fundamental
misoegenation doctriue of human equality.
What business, then, has this mixed commis
sion. white and black, at the Baltimore Conven
tion ? * None in the world. Let Thurlow Weed,
howerer, see to it that no revenue outter is
tarnished from tbe Treasury Department for
the transportation of these South Carolina radi
cals, sutlers and contrabands, or they may
push their way into tbe Baltimore Tabernacle,
and raise a row among tbe shoddy men.
The Virotnia CaMFJUQN? Thb Latk Rains. ?
From the late rains it is probable that active
military operations will be suspended in Vir
ginia for several days to oeme. The mud,
however, whloh will embarrass the movements
of General Grant, will also bother Che cja^ny.
This would not be tho cue tf Lee had renohed
thl defsnoea of Riobmond. We hare, therefor*;
no regretf to learn that he has corns to a standi
and Is preparfdf for a fight between the North
aad South Anna rivers, seme twenty-firs miles
nerth of Rlohmond. Be oannot well afford to
abandon, without a fight, the junction or ths
Gordooevtlle Railroad, and In endeavoring to
held It by fortifying himself for its defence he
gives tlsse to General Grant to bring up his re
serves aai his provisions aad to make the ne
oessary arrangements for a movement upon tbe
eaeasy** wet les. Thas these rains will give
their advantages as well as tMf 4leadvaata?ee
Til* Arnit of a?a?rsl J. (?? Hwbart W>r*
MHT1MO or BIS rUUDt AT Tta.* ASTO* HOUBS.
Brigadier OM?tl 1. H Bet.* Ward,** UUe 3U*. ba*
been piaoed aadar artaa by order or Gaatral Blrnay, hta <
diylslea commander. The precise hum 0T bis srrsM
does sot yet ippnr. Boom of Ih* Troy, Chicago sa?
Beaton papers, howovor, bin pabiishad thai Um prtaet -
pal charges against Ma ut oewardlee on Um Held at
biUta la the faoe o( the enemy; um In Um memorable
charge of BaBOoa** oorps oo Ik robot work*, dot tag U*
recent battles, General Ward bomm a caiaaoa Ml
aao*p*d to Ik* rear. in oo* of Um New Tart d?Uy r?i?
a correspondent recites Ibis f*ot as a valoreas l>okl eat La
cobbsoUcd with UM battle, as, Ut* General's Itors* tMtng
killed, be took this opportunity of going I* Um rear,
thereby rallying some three ikon? nd **i<>*is tad
bringing them up to the front.
In Tiev of lite above facts, a meeting ef the frMnds ?r
General Ward was held at the As tor Bouse yesterday
afternoon, to take Into consideration the clrcnmataaoe*
or the event and make Inquiries relative to the same, a*
well as to express their unbounded ocsfldnno* I* the
bravery or General Ward. Among those preeent war*
l.leut Col. J. D. Potter, Lieut. Col. It. t . Alllsou, Qapt. a.
V Bruton, CspMin R. ?. Watson, C*pt. R MiUer.Uenb,
W. Hanks and Surgeon A. J. Berry, all late of the Thirty
eighth New York Stat* Volunteers. There war* alee
pre- eat Mr. W. Bunco, Mr. O. Boalfeee, Mr. J. W.
Rryoe and others, lbs meeting wes oalled to order by
Mr. Bunoe. Mr. L. K. Miliar d was elected president, and
Lieute. Clark* and Banks secretariea.
Mr. Itunce stated the fseta relative te the call or th*
meeting. There was no dudnlte Intoll igenoe received ss
to the cause of the arreet of General Wurd. On tlM day
lu question, however, General Ward rode up to General
Hanoook, alter being wounded on the Held of battle,
when the latter remarked, "You are vory much excited,
and bad better go to the rear." This he did not d* ai
the lime, but r?de along the line, when he wae?atbasl
sstioally cheered by the soldiers. Shortly afterwards ha
was placed under arrest. Mr Bunce then read an ex
tract from a letter wutoh be bad received from a friend
of bis in Philadelphia, and whioh alluded to tbe arrest
ss follows:?1 "Oolooel K. T. Biles, oT tbs Ninety-ninth
Pennsylvania, which regiment is in General Ward's'brt
gads, was bonne hers wounded. He says the General**
stolT was all used up, and he was really left without aay.
The General Is under arrest; but Colonel Btlee does ssl
know what for. The General Is much hurt and mortlAe4
st the situation be is placed in, without any just caasa.
Tbe officers of the brigade all signed and presented a rw
quest for bis reinstatement to command, as their ooai?
dence In him was implicit and unbounded. Colonel Bites
thinks tbs General will be in oommand in a few days; far
be Is not guilty of any conduct unbecoming a soldier."
A few remarks being made by several geutlsaasa
present, tbe following resolutions were adoptee aasal
mously:?
Reaotred, Tt ai ws hare aeea with astonishment and ta>
dlgnation the serious charge of cowardice preferred agatam
General Ward, which has bsea published la eeveral new*,
papers, aad that we daaounoe la the meat emphatic language
every Insinuation of that character as false aad slanderea^
and Its authors as base maltgaera. H* has proved hla tiea
rat* on too many battle fields to permit th* momentary ea?
tertaioment of such aa Idea.
Resolved, That. e? hla friends, te whom his reputation Is
dear aaour own, we eltallenge the fulleet and earnest lava*,
ligation of hl-< conduct In every particular, eonfldeat or a
perfect vindication of hU honor aaa gentleman and hla etafc.
racier aad courage aa a soldier.
Resolved. That while we are bappv te say no paper ta
Few York city has given currency to this slajasr. sxoept fa*
tbs purpoae or denial, ws stpect aad demand oT these Jea^
nals whioh havs pursued a contrary course the meet proaai
aad unqualified retraction.
After Ut* reading of eeveral highly complimentary Mfc
tors from Generals Scott, Hook Or, Kearny, FriadL
Sickles and Sedgwick, sent at different time* to Genera
Ward, and the appolntmsnt'oT a c< mmittea of seven to tak ,
rostigate ftbe matter oT bis arreet, tbe meeting a*,
jouraed.
Obttmary.
COMMAMDBR KOWAKD A. B1BNBT, V. B. H.
Commander Rdward A. Barnet, United States Navy,
died In tbls city yesterday, after a long and painful
ness. Hs entered tbe naval service as a mldshipaoaa
on the 21th of June, 18ST. lie was born In Penney*
van la, and was appointed from that Mat*. Bis >ral
orders wsr* to tbs sloop-of war Ontario, 18, oa tbe Weal
India statloa. In 1840 be was traaef erred to the echoaasr
Grampus, aad the followlag year to tbe sloop-oT-war
Levant, la 1842 bo was atlaebed to the schooner Wave,
and during the following year b* was d*tach*d and s*?
dered to tbe navsl school at Philadelphia.
On the 29th of June, IMS, ha was warranted a paaaod
midshipman and ordered to the steamer Princeton, wber*
he remained until ha waa ordered la the Eaat Indies^
as ths naval storekeeper at Macao. He left thai at*
lion in 1817, and was ordered to the sloop-of-war Data.
He remained In thn Uale uatll January , Hi*? ha
was ordered to the reoelvtng ship at Boa ten. Oa the Mh
or August, 1M0, hs wss commissioned ss a lleuteaaat aad
ordered to duty oa tha<i>aat survsy , where be remained
until October, 1831. He waa next ordered to th* ataaas
frigate Saa Jacinto, on tbe Mediterranean statloa. Ha
wss dstsolied In July, 1858, and ordered to tbe receiving
ship at Philadelphia.. Hla next orders were to tbe stesp
of war Jameetown, wbere be remained until January,
1864, whan be wee attached te (he steam frigate Wabaah,
flagship of the Home squadron, under Commodore &
Paulding. On tbe return or the flagship, la 1868, ha
awaited orders, until 1810. when be joined the sioop-of-war
John Adams, where hs remained antil tbe breaking eal
of tbe rebellion.
The reelgaatloa of Um Southern naval off oars put him
up on tbe list, so that ta 1862 he was a oommaader. Ha
was thsn ordered to ordnaace duty at the New Tefg
Navy Yard. He was detached from that peat In Ootober,
1861. He waa taken stok shortly after bis detaohsM*^
snd has llsgsred along till death has seised him, while la
tbe prime or life. His emmsnder's commission bora
data July 16. IMS. His total saa aervlee waa fourteea
years, fire ysars and nine moo ths on ahore and oihsg
duty: seven years unemployed. He hae been In the aa*
vice abcit twenty -seven years, daring which time lit
raised tbe esteem of all who knaw him Thus early ta
lire another valuable officer baa beea takea from Ma
list.
COL. 010. ?. HAM..
C looel George Bl Hall, of th* Seventy-first Now
York Volunteera, or 8eoood RxcHslor regiment, died
oa Tussday laat, at bla father's residence, ta
Brooklye, from slckneea engendered In the field. Be
waa the son of sx Msyot Goorgs Halt, or Brooklyn,
aad wss born In New York. Ha entered the United state*
eerviie during the war with Mexico, aad was a Irsl
lieutenant la the Second reglmeat of New York Volam
leers, under Col Ward Burnstt. He was also cbossa
quartermaster, retalolng thai raak until October, 184T,
when he waa proatoisd to tbe captaincy or Compaay A.
l uring lbs Nioaraguaa expedition or Gen. Watker, th*
deceased bold tbe position ef ohler commissary, aad per
formed hie dutlee with credit At the oommencemeat el
the rebellion he weeohoeen captain of a volunteer o mpaay
from tbla city, and was shortly alar selected as tbs
colonel of tbe Second regiment of Geo. Hick lea' RxceMer
Brigade In Ceo. Hooker's division be took part Is
nearly all the battleeoo the Peninsula, and has since par
ticipated in Um operatwo* of tbe Army oT tbe Potossas
with bis brlgsde until slakness disabled him from scUvs
ssrvtce. His mliitsry career during tbe preeent war baa
been a creditable one, and be has given up hla li s for his
eountry- Hla fuuorsl will take place rrom bis rstb?r*
rssidenis, No. S 7 Livingston street, Brooklye, oa Sua day
afternoon next.
Arrival of th* Ael* at Be*tan.
Beeroff, May 96, IMA.
The steamship Asia, from Liverpool via Halifax, ar
rived at her dook at bsU past Ave P. M today. Bar
malls aad the newspaper bag of the press were fbr
w anted to New York by the night train, doe there
at Ive o'clock A. M. to-morrow.
TM AntrltBR Traat laaUtjr AMlrinarr
Boron, May M. 1M4
Tkl aaml-canteanlal aanlraraary of tba AmarteM
Tract Soclaty tu bald fa Trnmont Temple laat a rati tag,
eod (UhtrM aa Immanae audience. The aoaoal r apart
abowa tbe naah racelpta for tha laat year to ba I1M.M,
Mil 91740* la axaeae of tha pretloua year. Tbe eaUta
amout expended for (ha army alnca tba oaaameaeeaaeai |
Ofiba aar la $70^01 Henty Ward Baaobar, tha Ra*
Mr Savage, of Chicago, aad otbar clergyman, addraaaad
tba moating.
Notalthataadlng tba aentbar, which la daaMedly anna
?traary aaatbar, all tba uaattaga bare baaa wall tllwl
ad, and tha lateraat appoare to ba grbatnr tban la aaa ^
previoue yaar.
Tha llccattanial of Haw Tarb City.
TO TBI IDITOIt Of TM HBRAtB. |
Punlap, In bta "Hlatory of New York,- aaya oa tbeM af
September, 1M4, aa nafllab aquariron, ooaaiaiing of two
vaaaala or flfty gnna eacb aad oaa of forty, altb all ba?
drad aotdlara, took Naa A ma tar dam from tba Outeh.aaA
named It Now York. Oil tba 34tb of tha tame month
fort Oraaga enrrnndarad, and toak tha nama of A I baa a.
If tha hlamriM la oorraot, New Turk will bare bad Ma
aeme two hundred yaara oa tba Sd of September sail
C|ta Intf I llj^anra,
Fcnwut or CAmm Uaoaoa i.i mar.? Tba funeral aj
Captain Oaorga La Fort, formerly of Compaay A, Permit
raclmant Naa York State National Guard, took plaaa
ytatorday aftaroooD, aad waa aiienJai by a larja eon
onnrM or oia and former oompanloni. Capufi
I a ? ort aaa a gallant officer, and mat hla daatb Ilka erery (
good officer ahonld, on tba fleld of battle, ablla lee 4 lag
hla oompaay agamat tba rabala during tbe batlla or laa
Frldar la Virginia. tba mambara or Company A , Patents
ragimant, paraded ?a an aaoort, and fallowed tba ramaiw
of tba lameatad aoldiaf to Ma grata In Oraanaeod Oaaan
tory.
Corn- re Can an .?Tha naaat of Oorpua Chrlatl, ana of tha
meat eolama la tba Catholic Cburob, aaa aalebroled yaa
tarday . In ail tba Cathelte ahumhrn aaleaan high aaaaaaa
aara afcrad np Ihd'fcaaaaa aa Bandar, aad tha ohalrn
parfofwe^ aew and appm^yrleto ^Rado. At iaa Hatt^^faf,

xml | txt