A despatch from General McClellan to the War
Department, last night, states that he is following
close on the heels of the enemy; that all his camp9
have advanced in the pursuit. This tallies with
the news received in the afternoon, that the at
tempt of the rebels to defend their position at
Bottom's Bridge failed ander the fatal effect of oar
artillery, which threw shell to an extent that was
irresistible, and drove the enemy back. The head
quarters of General McClellan were within a few
miles of Richmond at last accounts, and, as it was
supposed that the rebels are going to risk a battle
in front of Richmond (which may be doubtful), we
?hall soon hear either of a great battle, or of the
occupation of Richmond by General McClellan's
army.
| The members of the State Convention of North
Carolina which has recently been in session in
Baleigh, and which has displayed such a decided
hankering after the Union, were chosen by the
people on the 28th of February, 1861, by an aggre
gate unconditional Union majority of over sixty
thousand. They stood, when elected, as fol- '
lows:?
Union men 84
Secessionists 36
Union majority 48
The Convention did not meet, for the reason that
the people decided at the time the members were
elected that no convention was necessary. But
Governor Ellis and the Legislature thought differ
ant. Another election was ordered, and a seces
sion convention waa chosen by a comparatively
?mall vote, and it was this latter body that passed
the State over to the tender mercies of Jeff. Davis
and his rebel confederacy. The Old North State
is Union to the cere.
Our letters from London, Paris and Berlin, re
ceived by the Scotia, portray very accurately the
expression of public feeling current in Europe on
the "American question1' up to the time of the de
parture of that vessel from Liverpool.
i Rumors with respect to a direct intervention in
our war affairs by Napoleon, reports of an ap
proaching allied intervention on the part of France
and England, with speculations relative to an offer
of mediation by the Bmperor of France filled the
aainds of the people, and served to intensify the
Interest in the progress of the war towards its
termination, this event having become of abso
lutely vital importance to the industrial classes,
as well as of very great individual interest to the
rulers of France and England.
The writers do not pretend to say what form the
|n:ervention idea is to assume, but all agree in at'
taching some significance, with regard to its as
pect, to the result of M. Mercier's late visit to
Bichmond. The Paris Patrie, of the 8th of May,
gays:?"We have reason to know that important
conferences are going on at the present time, at
Bichmond, between Baron Mercier, the French
Minister, and the government of the Southern
Btatee. The existence of a negotiation of that
kind appears to indicate that the overtures made
by the French representative to President Davis
have in principle been favorably received." Our
intelligence from Washington, however, states
that M. Mercier's visit to Richmond was one of
curiosity simply.
The Paris correspondent of the London Pott,
writing on the 6th instant, remarks:?"M. Mer
cier's visit to Bichmond was not intended as an
official visit, nor had he any official mission to
perform. On the other hand, M. Mercier's visft
nay not bs unattended by most important re
sults."
The London Timet, contradicting all its former
predictions and assertions with regard to the
weakness and daily increasing exhaustion of the
Union government and treasury, labors to prove
that the rebels alone require foreign aid, comfort
or advice; and that if such a calamity as interven
tion should come on the country, it must come at
their instance. The writer say*:?"They (the
Washington Cabinet) have already possession of
the seas, and the whole British navy conld give
them nothing more. We might lend them money,
but of this, too, ia some form or other, they have
'got enough to allow ?! a present expenditure of
?800,000 a day. Aa to sending them men, all the
Effective troops now serving in England might be
landed in New York without causing any perceptible
Increase in the fabulous numbers of the Northern
gtrmies. We might send them three times as many
Soldiers aa we seat to Canada withont adding above
^ve per cent to their forces in the field. No ruler
fn the world, not even Vie firtt Xapt Jean, ever dit
of to many men or to much money at Altra
(Kim Lincoln. He hat fuilv 660.000 troopi now
under arms, and it in boasted that he could double
that number. His finances may rest on a lea# sta
ble foundation, but he has, at any rate, enough and
to spare for the time. Intervention, therefore, on
behalf of the North, would be simply a nullity, for
no alliance could add to power or promote its
ends."
It is alleged that Napoleon's ideas of a new
transatlantic policy for France are likely to afl'eet
the destiny, for the time being, of Italy, the Papaj
government and Mexico.
CONGKESB.
In the Senate yesterday, the Census report was
presented, and a motion to print one hundred
thousand copies referred to the Printing Commit
tee. A joint resolution giving the thanks of Con
gress to Flag Officer Farragut and the officers and
men under his command was adopted. A bill
amendatory of the Post Offioe Appropriation bill
was passed. The Military Committee were in
structed to inquire into the expediency of grant
ing bounty lands to soldiers enlisted for three
months and one year; also for pensions far
the widows of soldiers who die in the
service. A discission then ensued as to the
order of business, the Confiscation bill being
the first subject in order; bnt it was laid aside and
the Tax bill was taken up, and several amendments
proposed by the Finance Committee agreed to.
The Senate held an executive session and then ad
journed.
In the House of Representatives, a bill providing
for raising sunken vessels-of-war in Hampton
Roads was referred. A resolution that Congress
take a recess from Wednesday next to June 2 was
laid on the table by a vote of 78 yeas to 46 naya.
The Senate bill removing ;H1 disqualifications of
color in carrying the mails was also laid on the
table by a vote of 83 against 43. The House then
resnmed the consideration of the Confiscation bill,
and the debate continued till the adjournment.
MISCELLANEOUS NEWS.
We publish some highly important news from
Mexico to-day, the m:iin points of which are that
the Juarez government has been overturned, and
General Almonte, the agent of the French, for
mally elected President by a handful of votes.
Juarez and his Cabinet had taken flight from the
capital for their own safety. There had been a
few skirmishes between the French and Mexicans,
with unimportant results. The former were still
steadily advancing on the capital. Guerilla bands
were gathering in different parts of the mountains.
We publish the proclamation of "the new Presi
dent," as well as those of the other administrators
of affairs. The vomito was making great havoc in
Vera Cruz.
The steamship Borussia, from Southampton on
the 7th of May, arrived at this port last night.
The news by the Scotia is four days later than our
advices by the Borussia.
The news of the capture of New Orleans was
confirmed at Havana, by a steamer from Mobile,
the Cuba, of 460 tons, bringing 1,000 bales of cot- j
ton. Another, from the same port, the California,
466 tons, arrived the day before, also with cotton,
and with the news that Forts Jackson and St.
Philip had surrendered on the 2$th ult.
A letter from Ireland, dated in Dublin on the
7th of May, says Notwithstanding the disheart
ening intelligence daily received from America,
the peasantry are still emigrating to that country.
On Tuesday a large number of people from Listo
wel and its neighborhood passed through Tralee
en route for America. They appeared a line,
healthy looking people, and likely to succeed in
the labor market of the New World. The Western
(Connaught) Star writes:?Already the exodus
has commenced. Numbers of the peasantry leave
for America by every packet, and a large propor
tion of the passages are paid on the other side.
We continue to receive numerous inquiries from
small farmers and others anxious to proceed to
Queensland or British Columbia. The applicants
for free emigration are greatly on the increase.
The same writer adds:?Archbishop Cullen and
all the Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland assem
bled yesterday in Dublin to "transact important
business.'1 This is all the information on the sub
ject their organs are allowed to give; but it is un
derstood the critical state of the Papal Power was
the subject of their deliberation.
All the republican' papers that applauded the
proclamation of Gen. Hunter are now taking the
back track.
To-day the annual election will take place in
Virginia. In the western section a Governor,
Lieutenant Governor and Attorney General are to
be chosen, for which offices respectively are no
[ minated Francis H. Pierpoint, the present Execu
tive; Daniel Paulaley, and James S. Wheat. There
is no opposition ticket. What is to be done in re
bel Virginia we are not informed. There are no
State officers, we believe, to be electcd.
Col. Isham N. Haynie, who has just been elected
member of Congress in the Ninth district of Illi
nois, to fill the vacancy made by the resignation of
On. John A. Logan, is a democrat. He served
gallantly in the battle of Pittsburg Landing, and
received a wound which rendered him unfit to per
form military service.
A letter from Richmond states that copies of the
New York Tribune are regularly smuggled into
the South, for the purpose of copying articles
from it to keep the mind of the people inflamed
against the North.
The Nashville Union of the 18th instant says:?
" Yesterday the streets were alive with drays and
wagons hauling cotton from the depot to the ri
ver."
The Aldermanic Committee on Printing and Ad
vertising held another meeting yesterday, for the
purpose of making a selection from the city news
papers in which to insert the Corporation adver
tisements. This meeting, unlike the former ones,
was strictly private, all persons, including the
representatives of the press, being excluded from
the room; but it is understood that they are still
waiting to hear from the Comptroller, who ha?
been applied to for a statement of the amounts
paid to the weekly newspapers for Corporation
advertising during the last two years. The com
mittee think they will be able to present their re
port to the Board of Aldermen at the meeting of
that body on Monday next.
The Board of Education met lust evening, when
the Committee on Sites and Schoolhouses offered
a resolution that the sum of t27,000 be appropri
ated for the parchase of three lots of ground on
the south side of Vandewater street, on which to
erect a new achoolhouse for the Foorth ward.
After a long debate, an amendment authorizing
the school officers of said ward to expend 125,000
in the purchase of the lots, or $26,000 in the pur
chase of lots on the opposite side of the street,
was adopted. The same committee also present
ed a report in favor of purchasing the lota Nos. 68
tuid 70 Monroe street, as a site for a primary school
hoHse for the Seventh ward, for 113,,300. Laid
over. The Board then adjourned.
In tho General Sessions yesterday Francis
Riordon was convicted of larceny from the person,
he having been confederated with Mary Sullivan,
who stole a pocketbook containing |<j from Mrs.
Lucas, in a grocery store in Eighth avenue. The
woman pleaded guilty a few days ago. Riordon
was sent to tho Penitentiary for two years.
John Schad was placed on trial, charged with
a misdemeanor in violating the law in reference
to opening letters, with which he was entrusted to
put in tho Post Office by Rev. Mr. Klosterbaur;
but as there was a technical failure in the proof
he was admitted.
The market for beef cattle yesterday, being less
botiuti fully supplied than last week, ru more
buoyant and prices ruled half a cent to a cent per
pound higher, ranging from 7c. a 8%c. a Dc. The
cattle were all sold by Tuesday night, and our re
port will probably in future appear in Wednesday
morning's issue. Milch cows and veal calves are
about the same. Sheep and lambs are reported
dull at an average decline of '25c. a f?0o. per head;
the range of prices, however, is the same. Swine
have sold at 3%c. a 3??c. for heavy coru fed, 2%c.
a 3%c. for light do., and 3%c. a 3%c. for still fed.
The receipt* were 3,393 beeves, 98 cows, 1,025
veaU, 7,000 sheep and lambs, and 7,713 swine.
The Commissioners of Emigration held their
usual weekly meeting yesterday; but no business
of public importance was transacted. The week
ly statement shows that 1,249 emigrants arrived
at this port -during the week ending on the 21st
instant, making a total of 14,231 during the pre
sent year, against 28.093 to the same date in 1861.
The number of inmates remaining on Ward's
Island is 637. The Treasurer's report shows that
there is a balance of $14,174 26 remaining in the
bank to the credit of the Commissioners.
The stock market was lower yesterday, without any ob
vious cause. For some time past the short interest has
beea very small; it is believed to be Increased. The de
cline was equal to about ?? a 1 per cent on tlie railway
shares and 2 on Pacifle Hail. Money was very easy at 3
a 4 per cent. Exchange dull. Tbe steamer took out
$300,000 in gold.
The ootton market was firmer yesterday, with a better
demand Trom the trade, with sales of about 1.000 bales,
oti the basis or 27)?c. a 28c. for middling upland3, closing
at the latter figure. The flour market was heavy and
again lower for common and middling brands, while high
grades or extra were without change of moment, owing
to the decided advance in freights. Whoat was somewhat
le?s active, and prices at the close woro heavy and ir
regular, sale* in the meantime, however, having
boen pretty freely made. Corn was heavy and lower,
with sales of Westorn mixed at 47c. a 48c. for new, and
at 48c. a 49c. for old, with some lots at 60c., in store and
delivered. Pork was heavy and lower, with salus of
rn-ss at $12 25 a $12 37}?, and of prime at ?9 75
a $9 87Sugars wnre quite steady and in good re
quest, with sales of 1,000 hhds. at full prices. Coffee
was steady. A sale or 1,400 bags Rio was made on
private terms. Freights were higher, and, though wheat
was pretty freoiy engaged, the aggregate amount fell
be'.ow that of the previous day. ? To Liverpool it was
taken at lOd. a 10v,'d., aud at lid. in bulk, and at llj-id.
in ships'bags, and tlour at 2s. 10^d. a 3s. To London
flour was taken at 3s. CJ., and wheat, in bulk and bags,
at lid. a 11,'fd.
The Sound Union Policy and the Solid
Popularity of President Lincoln.
The last proclamation of President Lincoln,
we are sure, from the abundant evidence around
us and the testimony of our newspaper ex
changes, has greatly strengthened and extended
the public confidence of our loyal States in
his sagacity, patriotism and firmness of purpose
as the head of the government and the re
sponsible Commander-in-Chief of ourArmy and
Navy.
There can be no doubt that the inspiration
which produced the late preposterous tibolition
manifesto from General Hunter was drawn from
Washington. We apprehend, too, that Mr.
Secretary Stanton (falling into the serious abo
lition mistake which was so fatal to Mr. Secre
tary Cameron as an aspiring politician) is
largely responsible for- General Hun
ter's sweeping abolition edict. At all
events the President's revocation of this
edict involves a reprimand to all its contrivers,
and, if Mr. Stanton can be justly counted among
them, every consideration of propriety de
mands on his part an explanation to the
country.
The President, in every possible way and by
every possible device, has been embarrassed by
the radical abolition "emancipation or separa
tion" faction, in order to inveigle him, drag
bim or thrust him into this destructive abolition
programme of a war of extermination against
Southern slavery at all hazards. President
Lincoln, however, from the day when he left
Springfield, en route for Washington, to the pre
sen#bour, has unflinchingly pursued the -even
tenor of his way" upon his own programme of
fighting this war for the "integrity
of the Union." Upon tbis grand idea
the six hundred thousand Union sol
diers now in the field have enlisted for this war;
upon this sound, consistent and conservative
war policy the great body of the people of our
loyal States have rallied to the support of the
administration.
All this is thoroughly understood by our
wide awake President; and hence the quiet and
unobtrusive way in which he has baffled all the
schemes and movement# of our disunion aboli
tion radicals in the Cabinet, in Congress and in
the army, to change this war for " the integrity
of the Union" into a war for the extirpation of
Southern slavery. The important ultimatum
kept steadily in view by the abolition radicals
is the political power of the country; and, as
they cannot secure this power with the restora
tion of the old Union, their object is simply to
destroy it. Mr. Senator Sumner, in his noto
rious scheme proposing to reduce our rebellious
States to the condition of Territories?in which
condition their local institutions and their State
boundaries would be swept away?has fairly
indicated the wishes and purposes of the dis
organizing faction of which he is an anointed
apostle.
This faction of disorganize? are still devoted
to the Jacobin purpose of pushing this war into
an abolition crusade, because they fully
understand that, with the restoration of
the revolted States as they were in the
Union, there is an end of the political
power of abolitionism. Every Southern State
restored to the Union and to its representation
in Congress as it was diminishes the power of
abolitionism in both branches. Thus, with the
restoration of the full representation from Vir
ginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Florida,
Arkansas and Louisiana, the radical anti-siavo
ry element in both houses would be pretty
effectually silenced. This is the special danger
which just now threatens this abolition faction.
Their game Is to defeat the restoration of the
old Union, to abolish slavery, to lay waste the
South by fire and sword, and to drive this war
into a regular Jacobin revolution, to secure
the political power of the country and the enor
mous spoils and plunder of the government
resulting from this war establishment.
Against these destructive designs, however,
tho country feels secure with Honest Abraham
Lincoln at the helm. In his appointment of
that sound conservative Southern Union de
mocrat. Andrew Johnson, as Provisional Go
vernor of Tennessee, and of that conservative
Southern old line Union whig. Edward Stanly, j
as Provisional Governor of North Carolina,
President Lincoln cannot be misunderstood.
His object is to give every possible cncourago.
ment and assurance to our revolted States that
in returning to the Union they will return to
its constitutional landmarks of protection and
safety.
We think that we may therefore congratulate
our readers with the assurance that, after the
expulsion of the rebel armies from Richmond
and Corinth, so clear and satisfactory will the
war policy of President Lincoln become to all
the South that there will be a very speedy end
to the secession falsehoods and deceptions by
which the people of the South have been led
astray, and to all the schemes and contrivances
of our abolition disturbers to make this war a
fanatical crusade against Southern slavery.
Tho country will adhere to the President, and
still strengthen bis hands for the Uuion.
French Intrigue* lD Mexico?Overthrow
of the Juarez Government.
The news from Mexico which we publish this
morning is of very great importance. It shows
that the schemes of France for the overthrow
of Mexican nationality and the establishment of
a foreign monarchy are working exceedingly
well for the present. The legitimate govern
ment of Juarez. pressed on all sides by party
strife and the unyielding demands of the in
vaders, has been compelled to succumb. The
President and his Cabinet have abandoned the
capital, and there can be little doubt that the
French, according to their own programme, are
now in possession of the ancient seat of govern
ment. As a component part of the original
French plan, the flight of Jaarez has been inter
preted into his abandonment of all claim to the
government; and, inasmuch as one or two eities
had already "pronounced" in favor of Al
monte, the farce of a military election was per
formed, when the General was declared duly
elected President of the republic, by some
twenty-seven votes. Immediately after this
Almonte addressed a proclamation, from Ori
zaba, to his fellow countrymen, giving them his
most grateful thanks for the "honor and con
fidence" reposed in him, and promising soon to
repeat the dose from the city of Mexico. The
French troops had had a slight skirmish with the
Mexicans, in which the latter were routed, and
the French were continuing their march to the
capital. This is doubtless with the inten
tion of installing the new President; but unless
we are very much mistaken his accession to the
Presidential chair will not pacify the republic.
In the great majority of the Mexican States the
people are greatly irritated against the injustice
of the French invasion, and, although they may
not be able to make any organized opposition
in the field, they will resolve themselves into
guerilla bands, and ravage and devastate the
country wherever their enemies penetrate.
Guerilla warfare is best suited to the roving
and unsteady Mexicans, and when collected in
bands of this kind they become very formida
ble and destructive to their enemies. This is
the way in which the Spaniards have conducted
a good deal of their fighting in Spain, and they
have bequeathed the system as an inheritance
to their Mexican descendants, who greatly
excel their progenitors in the beauties of
the art. Their intimate knowledge of lo
calities will greatly facilitate tlieir opera
tions. and the French, with all their da9h and
military ability, will find Mexico a very differ
ent kind of a place from the beautiful France
they have left behind them. Moreover, the vo
mito season is just beginning, and foreign
ers in the country are dying like sheep. The
English and Spaniards, alarms d at the virulence '
of the terrible epidemic, are getting out of the
country as fast as they can. The serious nature
of this scourge may be imagined when it is seen
that among the sick Spanish soldiers brought
back to Havana in the war steamers there were
no less than eight hundred and fifty prostrate
men out of a very few regiments. The
French are certainly in the healthier highlands;
but this will not altogether exempt them from
the diseases of tho climate; and, what with
guerillas, fever, vomito, the quarrels of their
officers and the expenses of the expedition!
Louis Napoleon will, in the end. find that be
has not made a very profitable investment in
Mexico.
Thus far the monarchical plan is in the as.
cendant. Almonte may be but the shadow of
the Archduke Maximilian, whose election can
any day be forced through by the aid of French
bayonets, on the French system of " free, uni
versal suffrage." We await further intelligence
of the denouement of this hazardous game. In
the meantime the Mexicans mnst thank them
selves for the new degradation. Their iutcs
tine discords and dissonsions have paved the
way for these outrages, which, however, have
hitherto been kept from their country by the
wholesome fear which foreign nations had of
the powerful arm of tho united republic of
North America. Now civil war is raging within
our own borders, and European despots may
safely exercise their brief authority. The day
of settlement, however, will come, and sooner,
perhaps, than Europe imagines.
Rkv. Dr. Cukkvkk Denouncing thb Pkkmi
dknt.?The Evening Post of Tuesday contained
a report of a sermon delivered by Kev. Dr.
Cheever on Sunday evening, in which he de
nounced the President in advance for his pro
clamation disavowing the abolition proclama
tion of General Hunter, emancipating the negro
slaves of South Carolina, Georgia and Florida.
No doubt Cheever had an inkling of what the
President would do, and therefore cursed him
beforehand, lost he should have to wait for
another weok. He said if the President inter
posed in the matter it would be "madness and
wickedness concentrated." Again he says:?
"If he now hastens to disavow and forbid this
grand, righteous and benevolent action against
slavery, it will be an insult to the country, a dis
grace to himself and to the government, a crime
against humanity and God."
The President has nobly hastened to disavow
and forbid the action of General Hunter, and
therefore, according to Rev. Dr. Cheever, he
has insulted the country, disgraced himself and
the government, and committed a crime against
humanity aud God. II? concludes by praying
God in mercy to protect the country from such
madmen and such guilt. Perhaps the radical
abolitionists, who have received such a blow
between the eyes by tho bard fist of Honest Abe
Lincoln, will now begin to think of carrying
out their original idea of "superseding'' him in
favor of Bome usurper, as proposed about a year
ago in the editorial columns of the New York
Tim's. Meantime, would it not be well to oom.
mit to safe keeping such propagator* ef sedi
tion as this Cheever, whom humanitj forbids
to bo at large during this war, on tfae same
principle that it directs dogs in tho-streotato
be munled during tho hot weathes, and dogs
actually mad to be disposed of in ft still mure
effectual manner?
TlIBKATS OK TMK RaMCAIA IN CONfiltKKH
Auainht tub Govkknhent.?In the United Slates
Senate on Tuesday last, Mr. Grimos, abolition
ist, of Iowa, in speaking to a postpone
ment of the Confiscation bill, said, " If the sole
purpose of the haste on this bill was to got ut
tho Tax bill, he was In no hurry;for he thought
other things more important than to hurry to
tax our people. Before we proceed to tax
our people heavily Jie wanted some policy of
government settled, jm> that the people may
know it. He, as the representative of a sove
reign State, wanted to know what the policy of
the government was going to be."
It is evident that this barbed and poisoned
arrow is directed against the President for his
reoent statesmanlike and patriotic proclama
tion. Another abolitionist, Mr. Chandler, of
Michigan, who, before the civil war broke out,
said in hid place in the Senate that ho was
most anxious for a little bloodletting, now
says he is opposed to the Tax bill. It thus ap
pears that the delay and obstruction of the
Tax bill are threatened by the radicals in Con
gress in order to embarrass the government and
the operations of the war, in consequence of the
conservative course adopted by the President in
disowning the abolition proclamation of Hunter.
There is something more than even this in the
language of Senator Grimes. It contains a
menace of secession, or nullification, or some
thing of that sort, on the part of Iowa, if
the President will not succumb to the desperate
faction. The government is reminded that
Iowa is a "sovereign State"?the identioal
language used by Southern traitors in Congress
before they left it and set np a new govern
ment. But if Senator Grimes and the radicals
proceed to carry out their threats, either of ob
structing the Tax bill or nullifying it after it
becomes a law, they will be met by a loyal
people at the ballot box and punished as they
deserve. The people will not stand their dis
loyalty to the Union and the constitution much
longer. Lot them beware.
Startling Proclamation of the Governor
ok Arkansas.?The proclamation, .which we
publish in another column, from the Governor
of Arkansas, will startle Jeff. Davis and his
rebel Cabinet, as, no doubt, it^will take most of
our readers by surprise. Following close upon
the heele of the action of the Governor of North
Carolina, it looks like concert between these
States and Tennessee, and perhaps other rebel
lious States, to return to the Union and aban
don Jeff. Davis, in whom they have found a
selfish tyrant, who used them for his own pur.
poses, but when the hour of danger came aban
doned them to their fate, as he will soon pro
bably abandon Virginia, like a squeezed orange.
The flower of the youth of Arkansas fought for
the rebel flag on the bloodiest fields of Missouri
under Prico and Van Dorn; and, when the
Union forces entered Arkansas, instead of send
ing reinforcements to aid the army led by those
generals, Jeff. Davis ordered their forces
to* cross the Mississippi to reinforce Beau
regard. It is no wonder that tho Go
vernor of Arkansas should' feel indignant.
For his part, he does not see what is the differ
ence between the tyrauny of Jeff. Davis and
that of Lincoln. There are two essential points
of difference, however, which Governor Rector
cannot fail to understand. The tyranny of
Lincoln is only in the imagination; that of Jeff.
Davis is real; and, while Lincoln is able "to
punish or protect Arkansas, just as its own con
duct may induce him, Davis is powerless either
to save or to destroy.
The idea of the misguided South from the
beginning was that it was fighting for State
rights, when the fact is that State rights have
been trampled in the dust by Jeff. Davis & Co.
It is evident that Governor Rector would say
more if he dared. What he has said two Ar
kansas journals have pronounced treason; and
no doubt it is treason to King Jeft'. But will
the rebel President and his govornment dare
to arrest him! They have cowered before the
Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina, and
they will do so again in the case of Governor
Rector. This is evidently the beginning of
the end.
Important from Ni:w Orleans.?We publish
ed a despatch yesterday containing intelligence
from New Orleans by way of Camp Moore,
where Lovell's force is posted, and thence to
Memphis and Cairo, from which it appears
that General Butler took possession of the
office of the Consul of the Netherlands,
searched the person of the Consul, and took
from him tho key of a bank vault, in which
were $800,000, transferred by the Citizens' Hank
to Hope's Dank of Amsterdam, intended for the
payment of the interest on the Confederate
bonds. General Butler, it is added, took posses
sion also of the French and Spanish Consulates,
and placed a military force in each. No doubt
the rebels and the sympathizers with them in
France and England will make a great noise
over this transaction. The agents of King Jeff in
Europe will endeavor to use it so as to embroil
the United States with foreign Powers; and the
Emperor of the French perhaps will take ad
vantage of it to aid him in his intervention
schemes. Certainly Napoleon will now have a
chance, if it be his purpose, to mix him-elf up
with our civil war. Yet he has no just ground
of complaint against us for the action of Gene
ral Butler. If the Consuls of foreign nations
will take part in the civil war, bo far as to give
aid to the enemy, they must take the conse
quonces. If they receive on deposit Confede
rate funds to sustain the credit of Confederate
bonds, they are clearly implicated as violators
of the neutrality of the nations which have ac
credited them, and the funds so deposited
are the legal prize of the United States. What
the charges are against the French and Spanish
Consuls we are left to conjectnre; but if they
are guilty of any acts of hostility to the United
States they are amenable to the law, of na
tions, like other foreigners, and their officers
cannot protect them against the consequences.
Mysterious Origin or the Proclamation
ok General Hunter.?Since the appearance of
the President's proclamation disavowing the
action of General Hunter, and declaring his
ignorance of tho source whence the General
was inspired, there has been much speculation
on the subject in political and social circles,
and the opinion has been very generally ex
pressed that Hunter's proclamation was not
from bis own mere motion, but that he-was di.
rcctcd to pursue this extraordinary eourse by
a portion of the Cabinet, their object being to
commit the President to the emancipation
scheme of tho abolitionists, little dreaming
that Mr. Lincoln would have the pluekto repu
diate the proclamation That au old West
Point officer of the repaiar array, whose maxim
is to obey orders, a known conservative, too,
and withal a man of prudence and sense,
should be guilty of tho folly not only of usurp
ing the functions t>f the resident, but of pre.
tending to abolish the constitution of his own
mvre will, tad Without any authority from
Washington, is almost too much for Unman
credibility. The nubile mind therefore turns
instinctively to a portion of the Cabinet as
origin of the proclamation.
The policy of the abolition leaden > not to
restore the Union as it was, not to restore the
Southern States as States, but <u mere Territo
ries, which would have no Toice in the halls ot
Congress, because, if the Southern States were
restored, the sceptre would fail from the hand*
of the radicals: their power in Congress and
out of it would be at an end. Hence it is that
thoy are alarmed at the prospect of Tennessee,
North Carolina, Missouri, Arkansas and other
Southern States being speedily restored to the
Union and sending members to Congress again
It would suit a portion of the Cabinst?suit
Sumnor, Grimes, Chandler and the rest?to
bold the Southern States as conquered Territo
ries; for that would both enable them to abolish
slavery and leave power and the offices in their
bands; but if the Southorn States should be re*
stored as States, then the days of abolition rule
would be numbered. Therefore it is that tLe
revolutionary radicals desire the defeat of our
armies in the field, and the permanent separs.
tton of North and South, unless their esancipa
tion scheme be accomplished, and the So ' ..era
soil be restored as ?o much territory without
State organizations. But the firmness and
courage of the President hare baffled their trea
sonable machinations.
Mr. J. 8. Rarky at tux Coopkr Ikstttute.?Tbe |TM|
horse tamer announces three of his amusing and instruc
tive outeruin-menu at the Coopor Institute,for the 27th,
29th and 30th of this month. Those wiil be the only ex
hibitions that he can give during the present season, as
be is about to retire to hie farm in Ohio. No perform
ances, if such they can be called, have ever excited more
interest,or have been more closely followed up' by the
public, both hero and abroad, than those of Mr. Rarey.
From the highest to the lowest, all ranks and oiaigee
have testifie s the samo curiosity In regard to thein. 01
course, success such us this could not fall to bring form
a plentiful crop of imitators. One fellow had the impa
d'.uce to go lo Madrid, ami, assuming the name of our
oolebrated countryman, to exhibit before the Court and
aristocracy. Hfe made a large sum by the 0|>?ratisa,
thoiuh he sliowod hut little acquaintance with Mr. Ka
rey's modus Anothor tried to play oil'the samo
cheat in Home: but some Americans who happened to
be there at tho time,and who were personally acquainted
with Harey, exposed him,and he left in dlsgraoo. Iu
their experiments upon the horse, Rurey's imitators
have not been more fortunate. In almost overy instanco
tl.oy have met with fractures and'accidents ol one kind
or another.ctis aities inevitable from their imperfect
acquaintance with the principles on which Mr. Karey'e
sysiein is Inunded. The approaching exhibiUons will be
of a much more interesting character than any that bav*
hitherto been givtn here. Mr. Rarey has a variety ot
new foaU and experiences to develop that he has
pinked up during his tour abroad, and which will tend to
strengthen public confldonoe in ths unerring results of
h;s system.
Tub Bsigjou and Gottschalk Concert Troup*.?
?'Lo Roi est Mort: Vive Is Roi." No sooner im
the termination of the musical season announced
by one impresario thun others start up to tak?
hi3 place. It will be seen by an advertisement in
our columns to-day that a grand matinee is to be given
at Niblo'sSaloon on Saturday by Mr. Gottschalkand tho
leading members of the late opera troupe. This is tb?
first of another series of concerts which is to be given In.
all our principal citios by a new combination of artists,,
under the orders of Signor Brignoli and Mr. (iottschalk,.
who yestorday signed a contract, undertaking, for their
joint account, all tbp risks and responsibilities of the en
terprise. They haijf encaged Miss Kellogg, Signor Bus in I,
Signor Krancosco A mod to, Signor Muzio (as c inductor),
and aro in negotiation with several other loading artists.
It is their intention to give operas or parts of operss In
all their entertainments. They commence, as wo hat*
already stated, on SaUtrday next, when the " Figlia del
Regimento" will be given, Mr. Gottsnhalk performing
several of his most admired compositions bolween the
acts. Tho combination promises well, and will help to
bridge over the long musical interval between this and
the fail.
Acadkmy or Music.?Miss Emelia J. Boughton, wboaa
appearance was announced some weeks since, bet waa
postponed on account of illness, makes her debut pos."
lively to night. The rolt she has chosen Is a dtflloutt
one?that of Violetts, in the "TravUta''?uid conside
rable curiosity is expressod as to ths manner in which
she will ociuit herself. Her father, Mr. K. C. Houghton,
and Signor Morino sustain the two principal mala parts,
should this performance succeed it Is proposed to give
several others.
Miss Gh.us'8 Comikrt.?To-night Miss Madollne Golll*
gives a concert at Xtblo's Saloon, assisted by Miss Mary
(Jellic, Signor Ardavaui, Julius Werner, Louis Shriber
and other artists. The programme is an excellent one.
lavimi Hall.?The concert for tbe Catholic Library
Association will take place at Irving Hall tonight, upon
which occasion the popular artists Miss Mini (ieary and
Mr. Gustavus Geary, together with J. R. Thomas,Mrs.
Mozart, Mrs. 8. C. Campbell, Henri Appy, the violinist,
and C. Herge, will appear. Mr. W. Berge, the organisl
of the church of St. Francis Xarier, will conduct Ite
concert.
Wnrris (5ARf>s.v.?A new drama, especially writtenfttr
Miss Qatcman, was producod at this establishment last
evening. It is entitled "Rosa Grogorio, or the Corsica*
Vendetta." In style it is somewhat more of a sensa
tional character than tli* line of pieces usually produced
at this establishment. The plot of the drama is as fol>
Iowa:?The Corslcan families of Grogorio and Spagazil,
aftor a deadly feud of a century, agree to a peace, on
condition that Grugorio's daughter is betrothod to Spa
gar/i's son. This c >mi>act whs settled while Ilosa (irego
rio fMIss Bute man) was a child. SM, however, soma
time after the sign ing of the bond, bad boen secretly mar
ried to Albert (Mr. J. W. Wallack, Jr.), a noble French
offloer,away lu the army. The time net apart for bar
bond marriage with Spagazzi's son Is near, aud 8 he is
just expecting her real husband, when thu play opeasv
the curtain rises on a mountain scene at aunria*,
an viewed from the front of (iregorio's bouse, Roea
wlio has risen early,goes to nieet her real husband, and
whilo absent her brother Antonia (Mr. E. Adams) un
expectedly returns. il? has been in tho army and
kuows Albert, who outranks him. From conversations
at a former period the brother sus|>octs tint Albert is
Koaa's lover. Rosa, however, keeps him in ign*rance.
That night is l>et apart for the marriage with the Spagaz
/i'a.ard the two families assemble at Gregorio's houae.
Albert also urrives, and, meeting Rosa, ngreea to hear
hor off from Corsica at midnight. The brother over bears
the plan, challenges Albert after he had partod with
!t<sa,and a duel ensues. In this combat, some good
sword practice is shown by both actors. The brother
stabs Albert aud throws him into the lake. In tho third
act Rosa porta with her father, receives bis blessing, &ud,
ignorant of the duel, prepares to carry out
Iter pari of the plan, when she is *?o
frontud bv her brother, who announces what he has don*.
Miss Hatemnn's actinic bore was good. She accusee hiaa
ol assassinating her husband, arousos her slcoping father
and begs him to kill Iter. Albert, however, is not dead
but is picked up by some ilsbermen. and is by medical
Hid resuscitated. He learns that bis wife is to lie triad
by tho Vendetta?a kind of lynch law court?and know
iiis her condensation to be certain without his cvidaoc*
weak and wouuded as he m, ho Is determined to bear lb*
documents making her his lawful wife to the place ot
trial himself, fn the lift h or last act Rosa is tried andi
round guilty, but tho Vendetta breaks up in sanguinary
discord, during which Albert arrives with a body ut
French troops, claims his wl;o, provea his right, and all
ends well. Th* whole of tn'e characters were fairly*
acted, aad tb* new acenary pretty and ellective. Th*
piece was a success.
Ho.vos.to tiia Bravb?Thb Adjutant or tub Thirty41m
New York Hmmkmi.?In our advertIsing. columns wilt
lie seen a communication from th* ofllcer* of the Thirty,
third reglmant of thla State, from which it appears that
the officer* of that gallant regltaenl, upon which and th*
Seventh Maine depended in a critical moment th* fate oft
th* day at tfilllamsburg, hava presented thoir Adjutant
with a horse, in token or his gallantry in the A*ld at that
haul*, and thoir high appreciation of his character as art
officer and a gentleman. Tt> him botengs the high boor*
or b*lng th* first to plant th* flag upon, thu rebel fort at
Williamsburg. Li*uteai*t Sutton formerly belonged to
th* 3ereuth regim*nt, aod accompanied It to Washlnc**
whan th* capital waa to. peril. He OriLlad and trained
thf? Thirty-third so a* to enabl* it to win uniadiag laurels
at Williamsburg. Hats one oC many from tho aaventb
regiment New Yor* State Mlittia who hav* dlatlnguiehed
tbemaelvoa in vartpua volwnt**r rogimouts in the present
war. Tharact is highly credits hie to th* Seventh.
An Appeal t?? U?? Farmer* of tho North.
Foktrbsm Mom Ron, May 31,1802.
We call 'ipon the farmers of th* North for supplteol
b'.tler and eggs to be sent bore to the care or l>r*. Hum
and McCoy i or tbe Chesapeake and Mill Creek Hospital*.
SpottfM, oiled silk, rags, bandages, lint and dried frull
?rn also urgently needed In th* name of our aunerin|
'idl-lier* I uiake thla appeal.