THE REBEL MILITARY SITUATION.
The iuap ou the first page of this morning's paper
gives at a glance the present actual boundaries
of the Southern confederacy. Every frontier position
of importance held by the enemy is indicated
by the rebel ensign, and the line of arrows
which intersects these various points and encircles
the whole shows the extreme limit of territory
now held by the rebel armies.
From Madison, iu Arkansas, just west of the Mississippi.
and opposite the southern boundary ol
Tennessee, the headquarters of General Marinadnkc.
the line crosses the Mississippi some
way below Memphis, passes through Northern
Mississippi south of Corinth, turns northw:?d
ho as to include Bragg's headquarter*
at Shelby vlUc, in Tennessee; going tc
the eastward safely south of Murfreesboro
ueai Sparta, in Eastern Tennessee, it again goes
northward, by Buckncr, at Knoxville,toMonticeIlo
in Kentucky? the headquarters of Pegrnm; thenct
eastward into Virginia, and again to the north t<
Staunton and Mount Jackson, where General Jone;
holds the outposts of Rebeldom almost as fai
north as Washington. Thence the line runs b)
Fredericksburg, Yorktown, Suffolk, Newborn
Wilmington, Charleston and Savannah, and sc
down the Atlantic coast, crosses Florida near St
Augustine, winus along tue vnuii coast. ?nu rescue
the Mississippi between Baton Rouge and Por
Hudson.
This is a territorial summery of Refceldom. No
a single State is held entirely by the rebels. Nar
row es the limits ere, when oompsred with tlx
magnificent dreams of the Southern leaders, thej
are in a fair way to be much narrower; for by tlx
capture of Viokaburg we render Louisiana, Ar
k.msas end Texas untenable to the Southern forces
and compel them to relinquish the greater part o
Mississippi.
So the Southern empire grows small by de
green itnd beautifully less.
THE SITUATION.
The latest reports from the scene of opera
Hons around Vicksburg are to the !17th
bv way ol Cincinnati, to the effect that threi
assaults had been made by our forces on th<
rebel stronghold, in all of which we wer<
repulsed, 'the last assault was made by Genera
Sherman, with twenty thousand men, in which w<
lost sis hundred killed and a large numbe
wounded. Our outer line is within one bundrei
yards of the rebel woika. Our ?harp?hooters pre
sent the rebels ft out working their guns. Tlx
rebel wm ks in the rear of the city sire far more for
widahlc than those in front.
General Joe Jolt lie ton in in the ncighboi hood <>
.Jack?on with about fifteen thousand men. and ii
reported to be abort of provision* end smiiiuuitioi
General Giant line taken MM prisoner* and *1
plecea of artillery.
The main fortification* of Vicksburg eoiieiat <>
* rhain of forte, about eight hundred yard* apart
connected by deep intrenchwent*, and extending
foi noven inllee.
Despatches from headquarters in the tiuttlfield
near Vicknburg, dated on the 2.1*1, which ?
publish to *lay, give aoinc thrilling accounta of tlr
progeria of the aiege up to that time. The figh
wa* evidently a tierce and sanguinary one, iuvolv
tng heavy h<aa on both aides. At cue time, whil
attacking the onter work*, our troop* were withii
twenty-flvc feet of the enemy.
Telegram* from the headquarters ot Genera
Hooker state that a flag of trure was *ent aero*!
the Rappahannock on Sunday. The rebel officer
then stated that General Grant had been repulaei
at Vicknburg, but refuaed to allow any Riebmom
paper* to be *een or brought acroaa the river
Where they got this information ia difficult to tall
A despatch from I.ouirville, dated Jane 1, baac<
on information received from MarfreeaboN, Tcnn.
May .10, aooounce* that the rebel General Marina
duke i* reported to have captured Helena, Arkao
am. and a regiment of negro aoldiers, wbono
together with the white officers commandin
tliem. be haa hanged. The direct route of con
munieation with Helena ia via Cairo and Memphii
The distance from Helena to Memphis ia bnt abor
ninety mile*. There is a regnlar line of ma
ataameia plying between the two point!
laarlng Helena every evening at Ave o'clock, an
.Muring at Memphis at davlllht the follow
NHf V
iof morning It Edition government vessels
Are constantly passing both points in going to
?nd returning from Vicksburg Prom Memphis
thoru in now telegraphic communication with *11
point* in the North Were there any foundation
In the despatch the intelligence would have been
received from Memphis on the day following the
reported fall of the town. kor before the JJOth ult.
As no such intelligence Las been reoeived through
thin direct route, the whole story may be safely
considered a ca?<ar<f.
The steamer Sheldrake, from Havana, which arrived
at this port last evening, has brought as
highly important newe from Peublu, If all the details
can be fully relied upon. Acoording to these
| advicoe the French have ultimately succeeded
in the capture of Puebla with Its commander-in-chief
(tieneral Ortega), a large
uumber of Inferior officers and thousands of sol,
diers. The garrison artillery, by the sama account*.
had also fallen into their liauda. It is said
tbat immediately on the arrival of Lis heavy aiege
j artillery, General Forey opened a tremendous
bombardment on the city, and on the 17th ult.
| ordered a general assault. The garrison, howj
ever, made but little resistance, and the whole
force, commander, officers, soldiers and artillery,
| unconditionally surrendered. This may be all
' very true; but we may at least wait a few days for
I some confirmation of such extraordinary news. We
| give full particulars iu another part of to-day's
paper.
XiaCELLAlTEOUB NEWS.
Our very latest advices by the Jura, at Father
Point, state that the bullion in the Bank of England
had decreased by ?123,600 in the week. The
King of Prussia had sent a royal message to the
Chamber of Deputies, advising members to modify
their course towards the Cabinet ministers. A
member asserted that the ministers had misinform*
ed the King, and moved that the message be referred
to a committee on an address to his Majesty.
This motion was adopted.
Thetettcr of our Havana correspondent, detailing
the progress of matters in Havana, will be
found to be very interesting to all who are interested
in the island of Cuba.
Wo publish to-day a brief account of the highly
important geographical discovery recently made
by the adventurous English explorers, Captains
1 Speke and Grant. This short resume of facts is
j accompanied by a finely engraved uinp, showing
, the supposed course taken by the expedition.
i Our object has been to condense all the most'im
J portaut tacts relative to this great scientific
i triumph, and the plain statement we give to day.
iu connection 'with the lucid map we publish, will,
we liope, bo of some interest to ourreadera.
In pursuance ol an order from the Postmaster
General, a commission of special agents of the
Post Office Department was to have been held
yesterday at the Post Office, for the pnrpose of
effecting some changes <u our postal system: but
as only a few of those composing the commission
had arriveil in town the meeting was postponed
until this morning. U is understood thai the principal
business of the commission will consist in
changing the locations of the distributing offices
' iu the interior of the couutry.
? At the meeting ot the Board of Aldermen yesterday
a communication was recoived from City Inspector
Delavan, stating that a large number of the
laborers employed in cleaning the streets have re'
fused to work uu.il they are paid the arrearages
? due them by the late contractor, and that unless
r their wrongs are speedily redreseed. aud their
fumiliao Hilia uuvatl ffAfrt rloa+lf fit i All Dtllftf Id.
r ........ ?- ? - j
borers will probably stop work, and the public
' . health be jeopardised. A resolution from the
> Councllmen requesting the Comptroller to confer
with the assignee of the Hackley contract for the
g purpose of obtaining hie content to pay the men
was agreed to. A resolution to revojte uU licenses
1 fot the storage of gunpowder was adopted. Gene
ral Sickles was granted the use of the Governor's
t Boom to receive the congratulations of his fellow
citizens. An ordinance appropriating an additional
$500,000 for the relief of the families o(
volunteers was adopted. After the transaction ol
7 some other business the Beard adjourned. The
> future meetings will be held on Mondays and
. Thursdays at one o'clock.
In the Board of Councilmcn last evening Mr.
' Webster offered a resolution directing the Comptroller
to confer with the assignee of the Hackley
street cleaning contract for the purpose of obtaining
his consent to pay the sub-oontractors aud
laborers, and if such consent is obtained then the
Comptroller is to draw his warrant for the amount
paid out for that purpose and deduct it from the
sum due the assignee by the city. Adopted. Mr.
O'Brien offered a resolution directing the Comp.
troller to pay the laborers who have been engaged
e in cleaning the streets under the direction of the
B City Inspector. A long and animated debate ensued,
during which the President and several
8 other members, in speaking against the resolution,
' said that the City Inspector had uo legal right to
e undertake the work, but if it were really dc
r *>roii? to pay the men an amendment had
I better be adopted, directing the Comptroller, in
' tlie absence of any appropriation for the'pnrposc,
to pa.v tliem out of tlm contingencies of the City
! Inspector's office, ami. if necessary, his salary
)?o. I lie aiucuiluii'iit wa? lost, ami the subject
was then dropped. Mr. gemilord offered a resolution
directing the "Street < oin?ni?sioner to rrtnvie
1 forthwith tin woo-len buildings known a? tlie Park
Karrackr. In consequence of their not being now
reipiired fin the purpose for which they wer>-oricim.lly
e?ected. but air now used lor the iiiilawtiil
and arbittary Incar ration of om citizen* by an
irre?i>oit?lblc body ot men purporting t<> be a pro'
vo?t guard. Vdopted without debate. A re-o!u,
t i! i?a? adopted re*|ue*ling the incuibers ol the
f Hoard to assemble at eleven o'clock fhi? (Tnes.jav)
inoniinf. for the putpoee of waiting on the Msror
In ? men 111)11 10 < <>UM'iK' iii" iiuniu ri'a.in.
\ i - -dm >ii -incurri iicp wm i4(>plril tendere
n.i the ii- ot the Governor's Knoni tn Hriicidin
v i.envrnl I'.uiii'l K. Sickles. in which to receive the
t i'(>ii?MUii!iiti?r< r?? hi* friends. After transacting
amm Wuriue?i >>l a routine*nature the Board adjourned
until ill's in<'ii)ink at eleven o'clock,
i" lhe Tamn an.v Society met at their headquarter*
ii laat < vening. for the purpose of installing their
nrw ilrsril "Stelem. His session was very lung
and vsrjr merry. The old democratic War Horns,
Klijah F. Purdy, w?s installed GrandSachem with
all the honors, and nude a suitable speech in re?
turn for the compliment. Tl.s society had not adj
jonmad at ten o'clock last evening.
Ths .luns term of the Cotirt ot General Sessions
commenced yesterday, Recorder Hoffman on the
bench. The panel of Grand Juror* was called,
when, a quorum not being present, they were diai
charged until tWe morning at eleven o'clock.
Twenty-nine prisoners, fifteen of them being bail
' case*, were arraigned tt tho bar on indiettnenti
'* for varioue offenoee. three of which were foi
'* murder.
i, j In the operationt of General Grant and Admiral
? Tortor, in the vicinity of Vickoburg. they captured
eight thousand five hundred prisoner* and one bun
I died end nineteen cannon.
' The great Chicago Mtip Canal Convention will
it be opened to-day.
il The Sportsmen's State Convention will com
mence to-day in Ruffalo, and continue three deri,
There will be trial* of -Kill at shooting and at By
'' throwing:
r- 1 First Pa* Off hand rifle shooting, with oner
UKK UK IIA LD,
?.*hU, for a prise of |U Pistol shooting tor
eweepsUkes of 16 for oftoh entry made. Hifi
shooting, with telescope sights, for |ltO.
Kifle and pistol shooting, ope* to all.
Hkoono Da*?Fly throwing with single hud,
I35. Btftte trap shooting, wfta tiisa chosen on the
ground.
Tuiko Dst ?The Forester Oiub of Bullalo will
give throe prizes of tlOO for the throe best shots,
the trial to be according to rules laid down in the
programme. The 01 towns of Buffalo will offer a
prise medal, to be shot for at ton double birds,
one man from each club to be admitted to oontest.
The annual dinner will ba given oa Thursday
evening, at which time Judge Clinton will deliver
an addresa, and the prizes will be delivered.
The venerable Oen. Cass has reoorered his
health, left Newport, and gone to his home in Detroit.
United Atates Commissioner J. B. Henry yesterday
committed John Holland, of the American
ship Victoria, on a charge of stabbing William S.
Jenkins, mate of that vessel, with a knife.
The Second Colored regiment of Masaaohimetts
has now between five and six hundred men, and
Gov. Andrew is exceedingly rejoiced thereat. It is
said that he did not take as much pains to receive
and honor the returned white soldiers who had
been fighting for the country as he did to honor
the departure of the black soldiers. Gov. Andrew
has his likes and his dislikes.
The following are the names of the loyal State
officers who were elected ia Rasters Virginia ou
the 28th uH.:?
Governor?IF. H. Peirpont.
Lieutenant Governor?L. C. P. Gowper.
Attorney General?J. R. Bowden.
Major General Butler was ia Boston on Friday
last, and left for Lowell in the afternoon.
General Humphrey Marshall, the Kentucky fat
man, lias been arrested for disloyalty to the rebel
oonfederacy, and sent to Riehmond. It is said
that Jeff. Davis wants to send him North, iu exchange
for Vallandigham.
According to the City Inspector's report, there
were 347 deaths in the city during the past week?
a decrease of 90 as compared with the mortality
of the week previous, and 7 more than occurred
during the corresponding week last
year. The recapitulation table gives 4 deaths
of alcoholism, A3 of diseases of the brain
and nerves. 1 of the generative organs. 8 of
the heart and blood vessels, 110 of the lungs,
throat, Ac.; 3 of old age, 19 of diseases of the
skin and eruptive fevers, A premature births, 66 ol
diseases of the stomach, bowels and other digestive
organs; 26 of uncertain seat and general
fevers, 4 of diseases of the urinary organs, 2fl
from violent causes, and 2 unknown. There were
208 natives of the United States, 11 of England,
97 of Ireland. 5 of Scotland, 22 of Germany, and
tliA luili,nr.* nf various foreign countries.
The alock market was act I re aud buoyant yesterdaj
morning. aud prices were all considerably higher. It
the afternoon there war some reaction, but not hi ?nt
case eonal to the advance, and at the close everj thlu>
was Driti again, tinld rose as high at one time as 14R\
but reacted, and clrsed at flve P. M. at about 147',. Fx
change fluctuated between 101 and 163, without niucl
activity. Ilonoy was cosy; call loans 5 a 6 i*)i ceul
The bank statement .-.lions an increaae of fr.06,00 - it
loans, and a decrease of $1,394,637 in deposits am
,231 in specie.
The demand for cotton was moro ac live yesterday am
middlings advanced to 5'2c. a fiSo. l here were heavle
sales of breads! in* effected at generally higher prices
Tlie business in provisions was uetlve <?ul.v in hud, e.hlcl
was a ti tfle higher, olher articles ha\ iug '>een depressed
the demand (or groceries was mainly confined to sugar
surt tens, vcliirli wi.ro firm. AV liiskey was lieu vy a
44 'Je. a 45c. Tallow wic- active. Calcutta tin
sued wa? in more request-, but lower. . Moderate frcijli
cussgeuiaul? were efl'ccted
The Kebrl Wttfral bre'i Mortweati-Aa
oilier Scare 1m Waihl*(teH.
The mysterious and threatening movement
of tiie rebel arm/ of Virginia have created thi
suspicion that it is the intention of General Le<
to repeat immediately his aggressive campaigi
of last summer. Under this idea we are as
sured there is another great scare In Washing
ton. According to our information the Cabine
are really apprehensive that, getting round o
getting over the superior army of General IIool
er, the terrible rebel General Lee may not ont
i invade Maryland again, but that, more succesi
till than he was the last time, he may posslbl
be able this time to get into Washington b
way of Frederick city or Baltimore.
The deplorable failure of General Hooker a
Cbancellorsville. on his own chosen grouni
against a rebel army not more than one-half iii
own in point of numbers, appears, from all tba
wo can learn, to have completely demoralize
the administration in regard to the furthe
prosecution of the war in Virginia. In the fin
I place, General Hooker's rashness placed him I
i a position where the house in front of which b
was standing was knocked to pieces by th
1 enemy's shells, and he was prostrated by on
of the falling timbers, and lay for some time i
a helpless and doubtful condition in the ver
crisis of the bailie. Otherwise, perhaps, h
might have seen his opportunity, and by send
! ing up an unemployed army corps at baud t
the support of General Sickles lie might bav
, cut the rebel army in twain, and utterly route*
it in that Saturday's fight. In the next plac<
in recovering from bis fall, it seems that Gene
ral Hooker did not recover his balance of mind
but that from this unfoitunute accident, am
from the breaking of his lines by the enemy, h
saw no safety except in a retreat, when by i
general engagement at any time Irani Suuda;
morning to Monday evening lie might have oh
taiunl a decisive victory.
Hash when lie should hare been prudent, am
timid when he should have been bold, we ca
haidly wonder that Geuerai Hooker's eapabili
tle< to re-ist an advance by Ueneral l.ee ar
doubted by our supreme military authorities i
| Washington. They arc afraid of him: but the
1 are alraid to make a change, and they kimvr no
I what to do. The reinstatement of .Mcfllelln
would instantly scatter all doubt" aud misgiv
' ings to the wind*, and put the Army of the I'c
! tooiac again on the trail of the rebel army: bu
this sensible aud patriotic proceeding would in
volvo so much of wounded pride M Washing
ton and partisan humiliation that it i* not to b
thought of. What. then, is to bo done* W
1 have no donbt that it ia the intention of ?.e?era
).e? to resume offensive operations. Actiol
with him haa become a necee?ity. He r>anno
afford to await the convenience of out militar
authorities. He muat do aomething in the wa;
of a diversion to atrengtben bia confederate ii
the Southwest, where General Grant haa driv?
tbem to the wall, even if nothing more can b
done by the rebel army of Virginia in auppor
of Vickebnrg. But if Gen. Lee, by a flank move
ment towarda Washington and Maryland, can ?
frighten our federal authorities as to Induce i
| recall of the Army of the Potomac, and a gene
ral concentration around Washington and alonj
the Maryland border of all our available force
I within a circuit of Ave or six hundred ml let
I while at the same time Jeff. Davis ia sendini
off to the Southwest his reinforcements from Vii
ginia to Joe Johnston by thousands, a grea
1 deal will be accomplished towards arreatini
our victorious progress in the West, as well a
to strengthen the rebellion in the East.
't Some designs of this serf are doubtless an
tertnined by General Lee ; and from the scar
! which ia reported to exist at Washington w
f, JUBI a, m-TKIPLB
should conjecture that his whole iraj Is olooe
fain upon the old bottle Hold ot Bull run.
Meantime In the Ooaoorlpttoa low the odniniatrotion
has hod the power ee to etrengthen our
oraleo In every quarter as to render them absolutely
irreolstible, Kost and West. But the
administration ha* hesitated, and still hesitates,
to resort to the oonsoriptlon In advance of some
encouraging victory or another disastrous defeat
; and so we presume that while the President
and his Cabinet are waiting for the nows
of the capture of Vioksburg they have resolved
to risk another grand rebel foraging foray Into
Maryland, rather than boldly and energetically
exercise Ike powers which Congress has placed
In their hands to sweop this rebellion from the
field.
These are humiliating reflections; but we
cannot avoid them. Where is the remedy
against this shuffling, timid and temporizing
policy of the government ? We see no remedy
except in a reconstruction of the Cabinet of
strong, consistent and harmonious war men,
excluding all pedllng and tricky Presidential
politiciaus. all miserable political oliquet, and
all such Marplots in the oonduct of the war as
the Wades and Chandler* and their impertiuent
itwtriirtimw Rut lat tha Ih'Midaiit boldiv meet
the demands of the orisie ia thin way, and, volunteers
or eonsoripta, there will be ao difficult/
la reinforcing; the arm/ to the extent, if
needed, of another mil Una of men.
Vfce Cm ot Vall*ndiga?m-I)?B(<r to
the Government, and How to Meet It.
It ia stated that Jeff. Davis has offered
permission to Vallandigham to remain at
large in the Southern Stales if he will take
the oath of allegiance to the confederacy; but if
not, not. Vallandigham, of course, will not '
take the oath, and he will he thus reduced to
one of two courses?either he will reoross our
lines under a flog of truce and he sent to Fort
Warren, according to the intimation he received
from Gen. Rosecrans, er he will be permitted to
escape from the confederacy to Canada by way
of Nassau. He might in that event take up his
. abode on the frontier just opposite Ohio, and tie
enabled to hold frequent communication with
the democracy of his State. The probability
would be that he would gel the nomination for
i Governor, and, if elected nest fall, he would be
sure to find means to cross ever, and then he
' would tie sure to bid defiance to the President
and to Burnside; and it would be impossible to
t taktMiiin out of the Stake unless by producing
r civil war in the Western States.
; Such are the perilous or humiliating consequences
to which the (iist wrong step invaviably
leads. No good can be derived from
the comae pursued by General Bui aside.
, through the inllueuees of Chase and the orders
l of the War Department, and it may tie productive
of incalculable evil, (t will make a
* martyr of Vallandigham, and be the means of
elevating liitu to positions of honor witch
j otherwise lie never would have attained. Hot
it will he siye to damage the government
* The people, in their elections, liuve already ox1
pra3?od their disapprobation of these arbitrary
, ami unconstitutional arrests in the loyal States,
and it was not prudent to continue them. The
la-t Congress, sensible of the current of public
( pinion which had set in against the adminiss
tration, passed an aet. which was signed by ties
President and became the law of the land, pro9
liibiting all such military arrests and trials in
i future, and directing tbut political offenders
i- should be dealt with by the civil law and have
a speedy trial by jury. In the face of this law
t Vallandigham was arrested, at dead of night,
r by a file of soldiers, in a peaceful, loyal State,
i- where martial law had not been proclaimed,
y where the habeas corjmj Jjefln suspewlj
ed, and. being carried off to another State, was
y there tried and sentenced by court martini. Such
y proceedings have not only no warrant of law
but are directly contrary to law and the < onit
stitution, and have not even the merit of etI,
pediency to recommend them. Tley are exit
tremelv dangerous, and the sootier the adit
risers of the President take the back track the
d better for themselves and for the peace and
ir harmony of the loyal States. *
it Let not excessive confidence in the armies
n now under its control influence the adininistraa
linn In a series of l'alal stem which must wwmi
e nate at last ia a bloody anarchy. In 1M*
e France was more prosperous than it had ever
n been before. Louis Philippe. K'ng of the
y French, false to the people who elected him,
e and false to his own interests, blindly relied on
I- his new fortification* around Pari*, which he
0 deemed impregnable, and on a powerful, well
e organized army, to enable him to trample upon
1 popular right". a? he did by the advice of evil
t, counsellors. This "king of the barricades," as
i- he was called, prevented first the assemblage
I, j of political meetings in opposition to his
tl I policy. The leaders of the opposition then
e | proceeded to get around the royal edicts by
a announcing public dinner*. These, too by the
v | ndrioe of a perverse cabinet, were prevented
>- at the point of the bayonet. The people, ac1
customed to a representative government and
d to freedom of discussion for a period of
ii eighteen years, would stand it no longer. If is
i- the last feather on the overloaded camel which
e breaks his back. Louie Philippe violated the
t constitution; ha broke their charter. The
r patience of the Trench people gave wuy under
t i this last act of their king, and there were
ri plenty of reckles- desperadoes ready for their
' own purposes to spur them on After
i- three days' fighting in the street* of Paris,
t notwithstanding his large standing army and
i- * fort ideations, the Bourbon waa compelled to
; : seek safety in flight, under the disguise of u wig
e and a sailor'* jacket. The revolution wa< com*
I piece
1 The English, from whom the Trench
n ' in modern times borrowed the idea of public
t discussion and rearesentative Donular envern.
j tuent. bar* been always extremely tenacious
j of ttie right of free speech, even to revolution
d and civil war. Nor will their kindred of
a America ever endure its infringement: and
e whosoever advises the President to sanction
t the overthrew of the right it; bayonets is his
i- mortal enemy and the enemy of the country.
0 A republican Anglo-Saxon government, in
a peace or war, can never be carried on upon the
! tame principles as those which regulate the
1 despotisms of Austria and Russia. Let not the
e Treeident. therefore, permit the administration
i, to put him in the wrong. There are evil men
g who will be sure to take advantage of the
error and lnfame the paselons of the people;
t and Heaven only knows what may follow. The
g chief organa of the republican party are com
polled to condemn the military arrest, trial and
I puniahment of Vallandlgham. Let the Preeii
dent take tha wind out of tho sails of Vatlamlige
ham by laauinjr on order eaneelllng tbe sene
I tenoe ^ perusing him to return to Ohio at
Oaoe. This would i !so take the ?? out of
the sails of Chase. am! m-?':>> the President 01oeediugiy
popular Tli i prisoner set tree
would do far loss liana than lie vrould it* ho
wort in dnranoo at Kurt Warren, -it largo
beyond the enemy's lines, or in Canada, an
jcile in sight of the shores of his native .dtateLet
the bill of rights guuvenlet*d by the amendments
to the oonstifution be sacredly respected,
and all will be well. Ther* is no necessity
for their violation, and, alter the warnings which
have been borne to the ears of the administration,
to persist iu such a course oan be regarded
as nothing short of tbat madness which ever
precedes the destruction of its victims. The
financial condition of the country is highly prosperous,
and the final success of the federal arms
and the restoration of the Ifuion are ouly questions
of time, if ordinary prudence guide the
national oouncils. Let not our hopes, therefore,
be blighted by any insane policy calculated to
foment civil war at the North. The wisest
, plan which the President can pursue is to
cut loose from the radicals, stand by the constitution
and throw himself upon the people,
wim will enruusiasuoatiy sustain uuu iu ? muservativc
policy. By such a course, in view of
ttio disorganized and ooafused state of parties,
broken into antagonistic factions, Mr. Iiincoln
would not ouly save the republic, but become
the popular candidate for the suooefdou. and
stand a better chance of election than any competitor
whose name ha* yet appeared bofore
the public.
Hooker ai a General.
When General Hooker was before the Congressional
committee sundry questions were
put to hiiu which accomplished what they were
intendeflko. aud brought out, not the truth,
but GeiWral Hooker. He was purposely given
an opportunity to say to the country, from a
high standpoint, whatever he had to say aboui
the war. lie was asked about Yorklowti.
Upon that subject his opinions were positive,
and after some preliminary queries he was
squarely requested to state what he would have
done at Yorktown had he then been in command
or the array. He cited the battle of Williamsburg
as the indication of what he
would have done. He invited the country
to judge of his abilities by that battle.
There, lie said, lie had advanced
with bis single division against a line
of works stronger than the line at Yorktown.
llure is a military opinion of the relative
strength of Itiose two lines. Can it bo crodited
that the fluent army in the United States is now
under the coiuniniiil of a mini who is such a
tyro in military matters as uot to know which
of those two lines was the stronger, and not to
know that this statement was absurdly false"
Well, Gen. Hooker advanced, and this is what
came of it: he fought all day, lost seventeen
bundled uteu, and failed?disastrously. miserablv
failed lo carry the position. That ii wlml he
would have dune at Vorktuwji?that is the baltlo
lie desires to l?e known !?y, Willi all deforenco
to those who are win** in war. we are of the
opinion that a:ty one could d*<? Unit. Vet such
was in reality Hen. Hooker's part in the gieat
battle by which he ,irst became widely known.
Moreover, hi* battle had been fought in defiance
of orders. Now, when a general lights
in violation of orders, loses heavily, and does
not accomplish his object, it is, or ought to be,
a serious matter. Charges were accordingly
made out agaiust Gen. Hooker by the proper
persons, and he was in a fair way to be dismissed
the service, or worse. But in tbe meantime
the battle had been trumpeted as a great
victory, and Gen. Ilooker was a very large
hero. How would it look to the country?a
battle bad been gained?Gen. Hooker helped
to gain it, and he was to be dismissed the service.
That would never do. So the General's
violation of jrdere?bis failure and bis heavy
loss?only helped to make his fnme, Thus
ended Hooker's first notorious essay as a general.
He made another nearly upon the anniversary
of the first. Near Falmouth, he had, as
our readers know, a magnificent array. He
said it was " the finest on the planet." In front
of biin was a rebel army half the siae of his
own. Gen. Hooker had and knew that
he had?two to one for every man under
Lee. His first act was to throw away this advantage
in a great measure Uy thy division of
hi* fore*. He divided Irs army and puT 5TT interval
of ten miles between the two parts. He
next put the enemy in ihat interval, covered on
one face by their intrenciimcnt*, and his
-irs.e.ft a'U>>'iiit>-<i to this: ("inter the delu
sion that In- ??< about to operate oil the euemy's
l'Mr ie* !e?*eiicd bin effective strength by
a u hole corps. and made the part* of his aruiy
act separately sgaiN*! a central fivce. As was
for-seen. 4ii*l as event* have proven, th?v
parte of hi* army ww tough: in detail, and
absolute annihilation wax oniy prevented by
hi.- great superiority in lumbers. h'< hasty refrent
and the stubborn fight of the sixth corps.
For he mm u* of thi- movement xir.Megicnily
it is claimed that it nullified the strong position
on the height* behind Fredericksburg, and C"inpelled
the enemy to cotne out into the fteid and
ttglit. TJut ii i? very easy to make your enemy
couie out of l:i? stronghold when you put your-elf
in n position where lie see* that you are at
hi* mercy?ami thai is the way that Hooker
; brought Fee out.
| General Hookm marched and manoeuvred for
; lour day*, occupied that time in hi* advance
; against the enemy, and then the enemy fought
no ottensive battle in a field of which the* knew
every sipiji# inch. He chose his position, rested
in it, aad was beaten thera without a baffle.
For. If his strategy is bad. his grand tactic* are
u urAh f dull Wis IIP tnii <. far n? on* ^irimtinn
or guidance from General Hooker i? implied
the buttle was not fought at all. Surprised by
tic attack on one flank when be bad prepared
against it ou tbe other, be seems to have become
bewildered, and lost all comprehension of the
state of affairs indeed. Hooker teemed to
Lave placed himself at the head of one corps
' only, and bud no idea of the great army under
hi* command. Different corps fought without
1 any unify of purpose whatever, and be
who should have governed all overlooked
only an isolated struggle, until he was knocked
down by a post. Leas than one-third of bia
force wm taken into battle, and with six corps
under his command he did not maintain so
atout a light m General Sedgwick did on tbe
next day with only one. General Hooker even !
expected assistance from Sedgwick In bia flgbt
on Sunday, May 3. Lee had sixty-four thousand
men. and Hooker, with over a hundred
j thousand, was on Lee's "rear." And. while
with a hundred thousand he fought sixty-four :
thousand, he expeoted that Sodgwtck, with a '
Ingle corps and one division of another, should {
' stppm^arye s pi. march top mJJee and o?pe 1
to liia assistant Eyiicntly thin great alratrw
gist end tighter Iim a limited confidence in l.ia ^B
own abilities ^B
Ij *? in now represented aa on 'ho march for ^B
tfl'eim'va operations?perhaps for invasion. He ^B
can ri 'e very well that mi army under (ieuoral ^B
Hooker is not a serious oMaoie, and no will ^B
scatter it as lie did the army under f'ojm When ^B
Pope was beaten. and ail in disoider, LlcOlol- ^B
I < i ?H reoalled, and then ensued the Muy- H
land c unpay.u, full of dlar.ator 'o the retold
and closed by the battle of Antistaui Hut ^B
herealsoI.ee feela secure. Under no cirenm- ^B
stances can McClellan be recalled After all
Mi a, kit taken place it ia ? moral impossibility ^B
lor the President to put that man al'tlm herd H
?i mo army, it is only agmi*t, Hooker or
some newer experiment that Lee must struggle,
-rnd lie advances willi confidence
Sxbanok Vaoaj?:ki ov Pourit -Thm I'xua
0<)PPIRHK4D CONVKM'ION To-MolUtOW ?1 O UlOT
row will be held in tbl r city the Ooppbihead
Convention in the interest of peace, called in an
irregular manner by two democrat * hum every
Senatorial district of the State it is worthy of
remark that the radical journals of this city do
not offer any opposition to the meeting Ow
the contrary, for Die last two or three days,
they have been giving it support in left
handed way. One reason for this probably
is that the ultimate objects of the niggorbondn
and the copperheads are tho same, Both wast
peaee and a final separation hv the line which
is the boundary between the tree and alatohoiding
States. Greeley has said, during the
spring, that if the South should not be whipped
by the 1st of May it would be bettor to give
the business up. The copperheads say we can
never whip the South, and they too want te
give it up.
But there is auotber motive which iufluonoea
the conduct of the radical press. They barn
entered upon an electioneering campaign, and
are making preparations to secure a favorable
result. Their object in taking the copperhead*
under their patronage and encouraging then te
go ahead is to drive home the wedge which ia
already dividing the democratic parly. If it
oan be completely split, then the radicals will
have no trouble in carrying their point and
breaking up the majority which resulted iu the
election of Seymour last full. It is worthy of
remark that the organs of the niggorheaJ* no
longer call the copperheads rebels; and Urn
TVibune even says that Kornando Wood is not
disunionist. This goes- to show that there la a
sympathy and a connection of Rome kind Hotween
the two factions, and that they aro playing
into each other's hands. Time will aoon
develop their plans, and then we shall too
how the pieoes stand ou the political ohesaboard,
and who it U that is going to get cheok
mated. J
Al'.mincj thk Nkuko?W'lqlvmjl Mmadokwi
ok Ket.u.tation ur thk Rfini-s?A d<*u
patch from Murfreesboro, received by
way of St. Louis, aunounces the taking
of Helena, Arkansas, by General Karmv
duke, and the capture and hanging oI m
entire regiment of negro soldiers, with their
while officers. It should he premised, however,
that the report coming to us by this Coule
is not to be accepted is at all reliable. Tha
taking of Helena is of course quite possible,
as Marmaduke was known to be concentrating
a large force for its capture. But there are
reasons for discrediting the perpetratiaa el
such an atrocity as that ascribed to Mm. Ia
the first place, it would lead to retaliatory
measures that in the end most tell worse agaiael
the South than the North,and, secondly, the nn?
groes reported to be thus disposer! of would be
of more value to the confederacy living thaa
dead. Of course there is no knowtn*
what a general of fanatical spirit might '
f>e induced to do in the exasperation caused by
his being called to confront in the field for the
first time this hitheito despised race. The faot
that such a wholesale act of veageanceis, under
any circumstances, possible, is, however, sufficient
to inspire disquietude. The reported appointment
of John C. Fremont to the oominand
of the black troops in South Carolina shown
that the experiments that have beea made ia
the raising of negro regiments, at the pressing
instances of the radicals, are becoming part of
the settled military policy of the government,
and it win therefore besoms pledged to protect
these troop'Tn the event oT t!m f*bei->
tempting to carry out their threats. It is uselets,
however, to speculate further on this subject
until we have a confirmation of the Mur-*
freesboru despatch. It will then assume an aspect
which will necessitate careful consideration
and discussion.
j Thk Conscription?What Is tmk we* Da,
pahtmkvt "Ahout*?Every day, on an avsraga,
a regiment is leaving the Army of the Potomac,
and the result will soon be that Hooker will
, be too ?esk for vigorous offensive operations.
; Vet tie War Depaiiuient is inactive, and
, nothing is being done to supply the places
; of the troops returning home. Mr. Stanton ia
i - ? .o.iij if . i..
|?t- u\ i i'ic-on ?r ca luuu. ai as upviuiiik jniunvimu
lik" Vallandigbam talk* nonsense. or if a man
like Ives gets hold of some of the secreU of
: tie government without any fault of bis and
| blabs about them in barrooms, th? Secretary of
t\j,r displays uncommon rigor, and he is brave
as a black bear in hie den. But when a true
' difficulty prevents itself?when any task worthy
| of u ctalesman or even of a man of business U
to be accomplished?then we And Mr. tttantoa
an imbecile, who does not know bow to deal
with the matter in hand, and he allows tbe
ship to drift with the wind and tide, like a bewildered.
frightened mariner in a storm who *"
gives himself up for lost. The last Congress
passed a Conscription bill to All up the vacanj
cies in the ranks of our armies, thinned by battle
and sicknesa and by' the expiration of the s
term of service of great numbers of aoldiera.
But the War Department, instead of having tba
new troops drafted and drilled, ready to recruit
and reinforce the army, have not yet taken tho
preliminary steps, though we are in the month
of June, and only four weeks remaim/or the
summer campaign. Where is all tbi^feend?
. (
CiRiots Lents or Ms. Era brum* ?^-Fn another
page we publisb a singular tJkSwr of EmersoD
Etberidge, formerly membgf^t Congreee
from Tennessee, end late Ctei% Onrt<Ae Rouse of
Representatives. It ie an acuta'-'*-.' masterly ea!
tire an the conduct af tha war, antT^-lo wall dona
that the reader must frequently p As to ascer.
tain whether It Is Irony or not,<fo apparently
sincers Is the enlogy, when It turns ont, after a
moment's reflection, to ha bitter aarcAsm. Tha
lattar bits all round, btt particularly dissects,
with a keen knife, the abolition matures that
bare been adopted, and V* general pfecwtett