Wifciucr?u:c icoia ncic cutcivmucu m naau*
ington yesterday that tLe rebels would be comjieli.
d to attack that city either la it night or today,
or else to abandon the campaign as a failure
in consequence of the retreats from Harper's Ferry,
Leesburg, Bethel, &cM and the rapid manner
in which the federal army was closing in upon
th?m at every point.
It was confidently stated at Fortress Monroe,
that Gen. Butler Lad all his preparations made to
attack Vorktown and retrieve the unfortunate affair
of Big Bethel. We give to day some highly
interesting details of that fight.
It was reported in Washington yesterday, by a
person just arrived from Manassas Junction, that
this point is by no means as tenable as was supposed,
and that the evacuation of it by the rebel
Uoops is cot more unaccountable than their retreat
from Harner's Ferry. General Scott, it is
BaiJ, knew very well Low affairs stood at
that point, and he lias arranged Lis plan3 to treat
the Junction precisely as he treated the
Terry. Generals Lee and Beauregard are said to '
be at loggerheads concerning their policy; Lee
being for active measures of aggression, and
Beauregard opposed to them?a view in which lie
is sustained by Mr. Pavis. Beauregard has therefore
superseded General Lee in the command of
the department of Alexandria. We publish in
full to day his curious proclamation of the 1st of
June, of w liich we gave an outline at the time. It
is a strange misrepresentation of the objects and
purposes of the United States Army, and appears
as if dictated by fear or desperation.
From 8t. Louis we learn that two bridges, at
Centralia and Sheregon, were burned during Saturday
night. The railroads are being strongly
guarded as far a3 St. Joseph, Mo., where Colonel
Curtis of the Iowa volunteers, Las established hu
headquarters, his troops covering over one hundred
miles of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad.
The locomotives on the Northern Missouri Railroad
have been seized to prevent their falling into
the bands of the rebels. General Slack, while mustering
troops into the service of the State at Chilicothe,
Missouri, was arrested by Colonel Curtis'
men, and it is said will be sent into Fort Leaven
worm.
A large number of Ohio troops are concentrating
near I'hilippi, several rebel scouts having been
seen iu that locality.
Troops from Philadelphia were moving yesterday
to Chambersburg. They comprised the regiments
of Colonels Einstein and Small.
Ttae
The City of Baltimore, from Liverpool on the
5th and Queenstown on the Gtfa of June, reached
this port yesterday morning. Her commercial
and financial reports were anticipated by the telegraphic
summary of the Jura, from Father Point,
which appeared in the morning edition of the Hekald.
The City of Baltimore brought London
journals of the 5th instant, which contained interesting
details of the events which had transpired
in Europe to that date. She had also $S07,190 in
specie on freight.
The report of the death of Count Cavour is confirmed.
The English journals generally regard
the event as very unfortunate for the cause of
united Italy under Victor Emanuel.
A British ebip had arrived in the Clyde from One
of the Southern ports of America, and was received
under a clearance signed by the rebel officers
of customs, and dated "the first year of tho
independence of the Confederate States of America."
Ike Forty-seventh regiment of British infantry
vas under orders to sail for Canada.
Intelligence, by way of Havana, Las been received
in this city, stating tLat the British West
India mail steamship Zulu, bound from New York
for Kingston, Jamaica, on the 20th ult., went
ashore on the Morant Keys, neat Point Morant,
-Jamaica, on the evening of the 26th ult. The pas?etgers
and crew, as well as the mails, were saved.
The Zulu was a perfectly new vessel, but was
entirely too small for the service in which she was
engaged.
We have received advices from Caracas, Venezuela,
to the 22d ult. The news is important.
President Tovar had resigned, and the Executive
i3 now in the hands of Senor Gual, late Vice President.
ihe effect of this event was to reconcile a
good many conflicting elements, and cause General
I'aez to roassume the command in chief of the
army, which he had just laid down in consequence
of di.-agrecment with Tovar's government. Furt.'i
rmore, as if to appease as much as possible the
' icaowutd citizen," ua the papers there call
Central Pace. hi? opponent, and val, General
Cordova, wan ri quired to leave the ca si. The
uovh bad been received with great rej icing
throughout the republic by the friends of t'i ? veroiiKUt.
Our thanks aie due Captain Foster, of
the bark Teresa, for favors received.
Several of our ultra black republican organs,
without understanding or considering the character.^
of the oflicers of our navy, have from time to
time publit-lied utatemeuta accusing them of treason
and dialog ally. Among other things they stated
that Cnptaiu Adams and the other officers, as well
as the crew of the United (States ship Babine,
wcie largely tinctured with secession sentiments,
and that the rebel (lag was actually hoUted
from the decks of this federal vessel. To show
Low false and unfounded is this statement we need
only rcler to the extracts from a private letter,
from ar. otllcor ol the frigate, which we elsewhere
publish, indignantly repelling the charge, and
showing that there is not in the service a more
| loyal aud faithful set of men than those who compose
tlio officers aud crew of thin gallant ship. So
much for a baseless assertion.
A regular meeting of the Union Defence Committee
was held yesterday afternoon at their
i coins in Tine street, but there was no business
transacted of public importance. At the meeting
of ihe Executive Committee, to be held on Wednesday
afternoon, it is expected that a report of
the proceedings of the Union Defence Committee
will be presented.
The Fourteenth regiment of New York State j
volunteers, under command of Colonel James
McQuade, arc expected to arrive in this city (from
Albany) this morning. They aro fully equipped,
and will remaiu some few hours in the city. Their
destination is supposed to be Fortress Monroe.
The two rifle eannon for the 'thirty-seventh regiment
arrived in the city yesterday, and by orders
from Colonel McCunn practice with blank cartridge
was immediately commenced with them by
the artillery corps.
According to the City Inspector's report, there
were 387 deaths in the city during the past week?
an increase of 12 as compared with the mortality
of ihe week previous, and 27 more than occurred
during the corresponding week last year. The recapitulation
table gives 4 .ieaths of diseases of the
liODt K, joints, &e.; 7*2 of the. brain and nerves, 5 of
t'ie generative organs, - ot the heart and blood
vessels, 124 of the lungs, throat, Ac.; 3 of old age,
ti<> of diseases of the akin and eruptive fevers, 8
premature births, 1 of alcoholism, 48 of diseases of
the stomach, bowels and other digestive organs;
;tl of uncertain seat and general fevers, 1 of disease
Of the urinaiy organs, and 22 of violence, Ac.
The nativity table gives 205 natives of the United
States, CI of Ireland, 39 of Germany, 7 of England,
2 of Scotland, and the balance of various
foreign countries.
The deserters from Col. Duncan'a rebel regiment,
recently quartered at Harper's Ferry, made application
on the 12th inst. at Camp Clay, in Louisville,
Ky., to be taken into the Union ranks.
The army worm in Kentucky baa entirely disappeared,
but it has left sad traces of its progress
upon some of tbe fields.
Martin F. Conway, republican, Las been electcd
Member of Congress in Kansan.
The oyster crop in the vicinity of Perth Amboy,
N. J., which has failed for a number of years past,
will this season be very large.
Next Thursday the special election for ten members
of Congress will be held in Kentucky. The
anti-secest-ionista are confident that at least nine
good and true Union men will be chosen, and are
hopeful that the entire delegation will be supporters
of the Btars and Stripes. The "seceshers"'
in Kentucky will be forced to submit to a Maryland
defeat, in spite of John C. Breckinridge and
his man Magoffin.
It is reported from Frederick that the Legislature
of Maryland will hold alternate sessions every
lour weeks until the first of January next, when
the terms of service of the members will expire.
Ihey will charge tbe State four dollars a day from
the 24th of April.
We have before announced that letters could be
pent to the Southern States through a channel
afinnf tA ho Aatahliahtwl of I.nniarilla T?TAninnlm
? ? UVUIU.BJ.
Wo now learn tlmt arrangements Lave been perfected,
and the plan laid down, by which letters
can be safely forwarded. To get a letter to New
Orleans it must be pnt in a United States stamped
envelope?a three-cent stamp upon an ordinary
envelope will not do, because the law of Congress
forbrds express companies from carrying letters in
any other way than when enclosed in stamped
envelopes. Ihe letter should then be directed in
the following manner
f ~ ~ 1B?'NJ AMI ~ ~IU N RUNI''
^ New oai.ba.nh, j
$ Louisiana. {
Enclose the letter in another envelope, with
twenty cents' worth of United States government
stamps, and direct as follows:?
i AMERICAN LECTER EXI'RtSJ CO , (
j Louihvii.lb, \
i Kentucky. \
Ibis must be paid with one or two three cent
stamps, according to weight. Ihe twenty centa'
worth of postage stamps pays ten cents to the
Express Company for their trouble, and enables
them to pay the bogus confederacy postage, which
is ten cents from Louisville to New Orleans, the
distance being over five hundred miles; but if the
letter is intended for a point distant from Louisville,
less than five hundred miles, then the confederacy
postage will be but five cents. It is understood
that this arrangement has been entered
into with the knowledge and consent of Postmaster
General Blair, and, if properly carried out, as
we have no doubt it will be, mu9t prove a great
benefit to the people of both sections of the Union.
The St. Louis liepublican, which has at present
no fixed ideas on the great questions which now
agitate the country, but exhibits, as far as it dare,
a leaning towards secesi-ionism, asks Gov. Jackson,
of Missouri, and desires all who follow in his
wake, to atk him how he is to provide for the fifty
thousand men that he calls for in his proclamation.
How he is to pay them ; how he is to arm and
equip them ; how he is to furnish munitions of
war, and what he is going to do with them ? These
are pertinent questions, when the fact that the
State treasury is bare is taken into consideration.
At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen last
evening, a resolution to discontinue the Daily
JS'eics as a Corporation paper was adopted by a
vote of eight to four. A resolution to rescind the
resolution to continue' the pay of city employes
serving in the army was aiso adopted. The resolutions
from the Board of Councilmen, eulogistic
of the late Senator Douglas, were concurred in.
After the transaction of some other business the
Board adjourned till Friday next.
Tbe cotton market yesterday was tlrm, while the
sales embraced about 1.CU0 bales, closing on tbe basis of
14c. a I4>fc. Tbe Hour market was lees buoyant for
common grades of State and Western, and closed at
easier rates, while shipping brands were in good export
demand, and tbe market closed with more activity at the
concession In prices. Tbe higher class of extra brands
were without change of moment. Wheat was steady,
and gcod sound shipping lots were steady and active for
export, with free sales, while oommon grades were irregu
lar and prices unsettled. Sound shipping lots of corn
were tlrm, with saleB for export at 46c. for Western
mixed, and 47c. a 60c. for Wettern yellow. Pork was
heavy and easier Iter mfss, with sales at $15 26 a $15 50,
and prime at $io .r 0 a $11. Sugars were steaJy, with
sales Of 650 bht'g. at prices given iu anotbor column
Coffee was firm, with sales or l,Ct0 b?gs ltto at ll>ic a
1 at* 9nn of 1?ila ofix T -
.. ow uo. ai i-> {('.. a
14\'c. It may be remarked that iho views of holders of
coflee, tea and sugars were strengthoned by tM suppo
sltioo that CongresR, at its meeting next month, m*y
impose duties on the two lormer anil i ment lb . taril)
on the latter.
NEW YORK HERALD, T
The Onward Movement of Bar ArmUiTh?
True Potter ?' Coi???eM.
As (be right wing of General Scott's grand
army of Virginia presses down upon the enemy
they begin to fall back in the direction of
Richmond. In their precipitate abandonment
of their stronghold at Harper's Ferry tbey
hare ceased to keep up even the pretence ot menacing
Washington, and betray their consciousness
of the critical position of Jeff. Davis and
his Cabinet. They see that while Washington
is safe Richmond Is in danger; that the lines
of General Scott will soon be closing round
that devoted city, and hence the plan of the
rebels is changed. Henceforward they will
concentrate their forces at and near that point
for a rigorous defence of their capital.
It is probable that they will do all they can
to avoid a decisive battle until the meeting of
Congrees, on the Fourth of July, aud with the
expectation of some peace propositions from
that quarter upon which they may build a compromise.
But the two houses of Congress, we
suspect, will be too well instructed in the
universal public sentiment of the loyal States
to countenance any mention of a compromise
until this Southern rebellion shall have been
fuppreeted. -It was said, during the debate
last winter on the Crittenden propositions at
Washington, that a member of the Confederate
Congress at Montgomery, In giving
his opinion of thOBe propositions, emphatically
declared that if the revolted
States were offered a blank sheet of paper
upon which they might write their own terms
of a restoration to the Union, they would instantly
reject it, because they did not desire a
reunion with the Northern States upon any
terms whatever. The only compromise which
even now the seven original States of the Jeff.
Davis government would accept would be a
compromise upon tbe terms ot a recognition ot
tbeir separate nationality. So, then, it is useless
to talk of compromising where tbe vital
issue?secession?between our government and
this rebellion can only be determined by gunpowder.
Secession?the right of a State to leave the
Union at pleasure. Tbis fatal heresy has carried
off eleven States into the confederacy of
Jefferson Davis; and the right of secession being
recognized in that concern, it is probable
that it would fall to pieces of its own dead
weight within a year If we were to recoguise
its independence. There can be no compromise,
then, with this monstrous heresy of secession.
Revolution we can understand; but secession
is naked anarnhv. and if admitted an a
right would eoon reduce ub to the first principles
of barbarism. We can only accept this
business of secession as rebellion. It has been
so accepted, and it must be treated accordingly.
In regard to the negro question, the
South must henceforth be content with the protection
of the constitution, or they must abide
by the consequences. The slavery agitation
will be ended with this war?indeed it is already
ended.
What, then, is the true policy of Congress?
It comprehends, first, the approval and ratifl!
cation of everything which, in the exercise of
his discretion, in the absence of Congress, the
President has done to save our federal capital
from seizure, and our government from destruction
by our Southern revolutionary conspirators.
Nor have we any doubt of the action
of the two houses upon this question. They
will cordially endorse the hearty ratification
which Mr. Lincoln's acts in th^premiaes have
received from all parties of the people of
tbe loyal States, and from the loyal people of
the revolted and doubtful States. Secondly,
to bring this Southern rebellion speedily to a
close, Congress should authorize the President,
in iuc CACi^icc ui iiio uiowicuuu, iv vail uui au
additional army force, even to the extent, if
deemed necessary, of Ave hundred thousand
men. The men have only to be called for
and they will be forthcoming. In this connection
Congress should authorize a loan, on a
popular basis, even to the extent of two hundred
millions of dollars, subject to the discretion
of the President. The money has only to
be called for, and the people will supply
it. Thirdly, as a simple revenue measure, the
Morrill tariff should be cut down to the revenue
standard beBt adapted to relieve our federal
treasury.
Thus having provided for the prosecution of
the war upon a scale which will be swift, resistless
and overwhelming, it will become advifcabl#
on the part of Congress to provide for
an early peace, and the resumption of our
prostrated financial, commercial and business
affairs of every description throughout the
nnnntrTi Tn thin rlatr a narofnl nn<1
vvuuvt JI AM VHW ' IVU J M vuiciui UUU U19VUUU*
natiDg general bankiupt law will unquestionably
be demanded as a relief measure to our
ruined and crippled business men of all descriptions.
Next, some general scheme establishing
a unifoim circulating medium, in the shape of
bank notes, throughout the Union will be de"
inanded, to relieve the people from the losses,
inconveniences and shavisg operations of all
sorts, resulting from worthless ehinplasters and
insolvent, rotten and suspected local, State and
Territorial banks. A national bank, it appears
to us, is our only alternative ogainst these Qnancial
embarrassments. To go no further back,
it was the national bank of 1816 which lifted
the country from its financial prostration resulting
from our war of 1812, '13, '14 and '15
with Encrland: and a national hank will mimU
o /
be demanded to lift us from the embarrassments
of this expensive Southern rebellion.
Such, then, are the great war measures and
peace measures suggested by this crisis as
devolving upon this approaching extra session
of Congress. Our first and paramount object
is the suppression of this Southern rebellion in
a single overwhelming and decisive campaign.
To this end, if the rebels retard the onward
march along the whole line, from Virginia to
Arkansas, of our Union armies of two hundred
and fifty thousand men, let us bring into the
field a quarter, nay. half a million more, if
deemed necessary to make good the "integrity
of the Union" by or before the first Monday in
December next. The men and the money are
at the service of the government. Let the two
houtes of Congress, therefore, in coming
together, come prepared to authorize the ways
and means for a short war and an early peace,
fo that without an unnecessary waste of time
we may be enabled to demand a definite settlement
wi*li England.
CiviuziiD War.?There is a good deal of
speculation as to wbut ought to be done with
the crew captured on board the privateersman
Savannah. According to the law a? it stands
he offence of these men is piracy, aud the
p? nal'y death. Th**y will, of course, have a
<air trial, and be furnished, if they need it,
with the means of defence. Aa they were
UESDAY, JUNE 18, 1861.
taken flagranti delicto, there can be uo doubt
as to what the verdict aud sentence in their
case will be. It U not probable, however, that
tbe latter will be carried out. The civilization
of an enlightened and progressive community
like ours will be averse to the enforcement of
the barbarous code which, in past times, would
have subjected them to the forfeiture of their
lives. Great as are tbe provocations that are
being given us, we will not allow ourselves to ba
dragged down to the level of the ferocious
I>ussioLs which, in tbe seceded States, doom
Northern men to death on no other evidence
tban suspicion. It will be reasoned, and justly,
that while the arch traitors under whose
authority they have been acting are
at large and unpunished, it would not be right
to proceed to such extremities against men
\vhoBe ignorance and incapability of comprehending
the legal merits of the question may
have betrayed them into their present ofl'once.
The punishment administered by General Preuties
to the Kentucky rebels is perhaps the most
judicious that can be resorted to in thoir caw
Tfcey can be 6et to wheel dirt or bs otherwise
employed on the public works while the war
lasts. At its close means will no doubt be
found by government to depose of the prisoners
that will have thus accumulated on its
bands. Once it gets hold of the Instigators and
eaders of the rebellion, it will not be disposed
to be Bevere with those who have been merely
their instruments and dupes.
THt Ntm from Europe?1The Duplicity of
(he BrltUh Government*
The details of the news by the Jura, ot which
we publlsht-d a summary yesterday, will ba
found in our columns to-day, embracing extracts
from the British journals explanatory
and expostulatory, together wita an
important explanation in Parliament by
Loid Jchn Russell of the policy of
the British government tn-jpanls this rmin
by ; al?o, a dee patch from that Minister to the
t-ame effect, addressed to the Secretary of War,
the Admiralty, the India Office and the
Governors of the colonies. The speeches and
the circular of the Minister for Foreign Affairs
ate remaikable camples of that blackleg and
Puritan policy which has characterized the
dealings of England with other nations in
times past.
Her Majesty's government professes to be
" desirouB of observing the strictest neutrality
in the contest which appears to be imminent
between the United States and the so-styled
Confederate States of North America." That
is to say, her Majesty's government makes no
distinction between a well known friendly
Power ana ? hham, unrecognized government,
which is a fete anger and haB no relations whatever
with England?a "so-styled" confederacy?
moieover which is in rebellion against the
United States, and is its most deadly foe.
What would any honest, honorable man think
of the conduct of a professing friend,
with whom he had been on the most
intimate footing for many years, if, in the event
of a fight with a highway robber who was
brandishing deadly weapons in his face, his
menu would loot coiaiy ca, an inainerent
fpectator, "obeerving the strictest neutrality"
between him and the plundering assassin?
Now. England has treaties of amity with this
country, and the part she is now playing is in
palpable violation of the spirit, if not of the
letter, of thoee treaties. It shows what the
friendship of such a Power ia worth in the
time of need. It was not in this way that our
government acted towards England at the time
of the Canadian rebellion. And should an insurrection
now break out in Ireland, and that
province issued letters of marque against England,
what would British ministers think if the
American government should recognise a provisional
Irish rebel government as "a belligerent,"
and on a perfect equality as to the rights
of war with the English government?
Eut Lord John Russell has gone one step
further than this, and while professing
L _ M 1
iu uvecrve luw Burigiusb ueuiraiuy, litis
Dot only prohibited oar privateers, as
weli as those of the enemy, from bringing
prizes into British ports, but has
forbidden the public vessels of both parties
doing so, well knowing that the Confederate
States have no such vessels, and cannot be injured
by the prohibition, which affects injuriously
the United StateB alone. Is this "the
amity"' of Great Britain to the American republic?
How different is the attitude of France.
That Power, as appears by an answer extorted
from Lord John Kuesell, does not prohibit our
public vessels from selling its prizes in French
ports, but only privateers. The policy of
Fiance is therefore far more favorable to the
United States than is the policy of the nation
that claims to be their mother, and is one in
blood, in language, in religion and almost in
laws. Unnatural parent, while professing neutiality,
secretly and treacherously giving aid
and comfort to the enemy of her nobleBt offspring.
Even a few arms purchased In England
for the defence of the United States, the
British government would not permit the Galway
steamer to transport to our shores,
while, on the other hand, a rebel caplain
of the Southern confederacy goes to
England in a British mail steamer, with despatches
from Lord Lyons in one pocket and
with letters of marque for captains of privateers
in the other.
The tone of the British press id Insolent In
the extreme. Lord Palmerston's organ boasts
that the balance of power on this continent is
now transferred to England and Canada. The
with is father to the thought. That is undoubtedly
the design of British policy which inserted
its anti-slavery wedge to split us into two
frflimipnta- Rut. Ih? Annniini>nmant la anm?
what premature. The game ia not yet played
out, and though it ia intimated that England
and France will soon recognise the independence
of the Southern confederacy, to make
the claim valid it must be first won by the
sword. The Globe, indeed, threatens that in the
event of hostilities the British fleet "would
sweep every American armed ship, whether
ctuiser or privateer, from the seas." Why did
not the British fleet accomplish that feat in the
wor of the Revolution and in the war of 181215?
On the contrary, the cutting up of British
commerce by our cruisors and our privateers'
in both wars conquered a peace for the republic,
and at the came time established the maritime
supremacy of the American people.
Foimer destruction is nothing compared with
wnui wtj uiu uuw aoie 10 iiiuici upou ner
chipping, commerciul and manufacturing interests.
It is in tbe vioUnt toce of the British pre?s
that we n:uy sec moet cleat ly the designs of the
goveicment. Tte ptess no longer bfl'ects dis
tnue, because in its ignorance It imagfneR the
ghme j? 6ure. The government, on the other
haiid, feels (be necessity of preserving a decent
reepeet for the opinions ot mankind, ?nd, for
the present, It profewea to be neutral, and even
expreeeeB ite hypocritical sympathy, fcuf h cm
co longer maf k ite designs from us. We sea
cleurly throngh its tortnous policy, and we
warn the administration at Washington to bo
prepared for tbe worst; to put instantly into
operation all the naval armament in its power;
to organize the eeacoast defences, and to leave
do stone unturned for the reeistanca of invasion
from the ocean. Meantimo let an explanation
be demanded by Mr. Seward from Lord
Lyons, and, if it be cot satisfactory, let the
British Ambassador be sent back to his government,
and let all diplomatic relations cease
with "perfidious Albion."
By her selfish policy she will not only lose
the cotton upon which she has sot her heart,
but lose her whole trade with thui country,
supporting ten millions of her population, who
are living from hand to mouth. Should she
proceed to extremities and wage a third war
against us, we know where and how to strike
her to the heart. We have no fears for the result.
We have as numerous a population as
had the French republic alter the Revolution,
when it successfully resisted England and all
Europe in arms, and our resources by land and
sea are far greater than were those of France,
while there is the same indomitable spirit that
nothing can conquer. Let England rest as
tured that the enthusiasm of the American
people is as great as when the Prince of Wales
paid us a visit last fall, but it is now turned in
a different direction against the blackleg and
Puritan policy of the Hussella and Palmerstons
who control the destinies of the British empire
The Organ or Antrchjr and Disunion Out
for Pcace.
In the Tribune of jeeterday that whitecoated
and virtuouB pLilosopher, the IIqd.
Mai ?a Greeley, iB out for peace. "Nowhere on
earth," Bays he, emphatically, "would a'speedy
and honorable peace?a real peace?be hailed
with more heartfelt gladness than by us." Nay
more, eo enthusiastic is the Hon. Maasa Greeley
in bis new role of a Christian philosopher, that
he ia even in favor of a dif honorable peace, if
a better one cannot be bad; and acknowledging?what
we have bo often charged?that he has
been advocating, until recently, not the reunion
but the subjugation of the South, he d?claren
that "If the traitors prove too strong to be
tubjugated, we are for peace on their terms,
rather than a useless continuance of the wur."
That ia very well for Massa Greeley and for
i he Tribune. It is well for those who have raised
the storm and plotted the war to be the first
to cry out for fair weather and for peace. Only
the other day Jeff. Davis gave the key note of
this sopg in his lachrymose letter to the Maryland
Commissioners, and now the Hon. Massa
Greeley bowls in conceit with his co conspirator,
juet as be has done throughout this whole
secession affair. Jeff. Davis is the point and
the lion. Massa Gieeley is the tail of the disunion
weathercock, and the one has followed
the otber around the entire circle of opinion,
through eveiy wind and variation. At first
both were tor a peaceable separation; then
both favored a bloody civil war; now, having
made the ciicuit, both declare for a peaceable
reparation again?for terms, commissioners
and treaties.
If peace was the desire of the Hon. Massa
Greeley, why did he oppose those compromises
wbich would have secured peace during
the last session of Congress? Why did the
Crittenden compromise?which was satisfactory
to, and was supported by, all parties except
the rabid fire-eaters and abolitionists?
meet with such mall favor at his bands? Why
did he assail in advance and oppose upon
their passage all peace propositions and all
measures promising peace, while he suggested
and supported all those which would alienate
still farther the two sections of our country?
But no. When compromises were practicable,
and when civil war could have been avoided,
the Hon. Massa Greeley would hear of peace
on no terms whatever. He wanted no compromises,
no terms, no peaceable reunion. He
backed up every fanatic and discouraged
every patriot. He mado compromise impossible.
But all this while, however, he most vigorously
advocated disunion, and urged on a
"separation'' which he did his utmost to make
anything but "peaceable." Again and again
he declared, through the Tribune, that it was
best to let the seceding States go. Again and
again he assured the secedera that they were
doing no more than their forefathers had done;
that the right of revolution was inalienable,
and that they could set up a new government
for themselves in the stead of that of the United
States, upon the same principle and with the
fame propriety that the Congress of 1776 declared
the colonies independent, and abrogated
the rule of England. These sentiments were
not only reiterated, but were rehashed in
correspondence, and telegraphed from
Washington by the illustrious Harvey.
If there were not sufficient aid and
comfort to eatiate the traitors upon the
ample, well spread editorial board, the Tribune
supplied then) with a dessert of telegraphic
despatches, high spiced and richly stoned with
treason, and Harvey was the chef de Cuisine
specially engaged.
Nor were encouragement, advice and instruction
sufficient. Jeff. Davis was determined upon
war, and needed an ally who could give bim
something better than such words. Hon. Masea
Greeley was his man. Day after day, while in
Massa Greeley's employ, Harvey used his position
as 2 ribune correspondent at Washington
to worm out the secrets of the administration,
and forthwith telegraphed his news to Judge
Magrath and to the Tribune. Either through
the telegraph or through the Tribune the information
was certain to reach Charleston, and
from the Charleston papers it is evident that
the latter channel of information was quite
as ueeful, though hardly so Bpeedy, as the former.
At last the Tribune's spy ferretted from
Secretary Seward infoimation of the intended
leinforcement of Fort Sumter. The news
uupiieu over me wires to J uage AiagratD anu
to the Hon. Maeea Greeley. The reinforcement
was thus traitorously prevented. Fort
Sumter was bombarded, the starved-out, garrison
eurrendered, and civil war began.
Then the Hon. Maasa Greeley changed the
Tribune's tactics The Rovernmeut held the
telegraph oflicep, and Harvey was no longer
useful at Wat-hioglon. A fat bectn in Portugal
was fcurid for the Tribune's spy, therefore, tiud
he wns packed quietly cut of the country?tiis
treaff.Dable totee folded in his diplomatic uiii.
r. II
form. Thee, by threat* to bu/a all Sorrthert
c'rtitB, ntorve nil Southern women and ctoildre
and "epike" all Southern negroee, Hoc. Maw
CSreeley attempted to unite the clave SKtea i
the act of eecetuiOR, and discourage all Hei*K.
orn UBicn men. Not satisfied with thia, h
weakened ue abroad and Bought to divide fehNorth
at home by schemes to depose Lincoli
&nd make George Law dictator. Thus he in
directly aisibted those traitor*, to whom h
couJd no longer eend despatches, by driving
all the border States to the verge of secession
and ecme over it, and by inducing England t?|
believe that "the bubble ot democracy Ua<!
burst."
But Providence taa overruled all Masa
Greeley'B schemes. The border Staten ar
returning to their loyalty. Every day tk*
prospect brightens. All true mec begu
to look up and anticipate a speedy am
more perfect union of all the States under on?
glorious Hag. Is it any wonder that now Jet)
Davis calls for peace, and that his organ, th<
'Tribune, echoes the cry? Again they call fo
a peaceable Reparation, just as we are abouUjt
achieve a triumphant reunion. In senti^p
and in design they are one, and the people wht
have paid little attention to the call of Jet
Davis will not regard that of the Hon. Mass
Greeley.
_________ ?
The Death of Count Cavour and Its Con
nqntnoci to Italy.
The death ot th? guiding statesman of '
at the prepent t'me lr> en event of immense ini
portance to the new monarchy. He had cod
stituted himself a power in the ISlate secant
od'v to the King himi'elf, and the pren'.iga o
bis Qfaist) h&par ted to everything he said or di<
a moral force and influence popsessed by n
other Italian statesman. The unification o
Italy was the grand objfet of his career, an'
he cocstituted its most powerful and prudeo
advocate. There was nothing factional distin
guhhing his political conduct; he never lea
himself to party trickei-y, but was a whol
souled and earnest patriot in the widest bens
of the word. It would be difficult indeed t
tiad anything in his entire political histor
open to PeriouB objtction or that did not teo?
towards tbe welfare ct' hip country.
Although bnm iu Piedmont his sympathie
wne not narrowed to >lmt section only, but ex
tended over the whole of Italy, and to hie
mere than any other man the subjects of Vic
tor Emanuel are indebted for that patio
mental y government, civil and religious libett
and free press which, instituted in Sardiniu.
they now enjoy. In looirg h'm I'alian unit;
has buffered a heavy blow, the consequence
of which are quite uncertain. It is well knuwi
that the Emperor Napoleon desires to reator
the old empire, with his son as King of Rocce
end this would involve the division of Ital.
into three parts?namely, Piedmont, Naples ant
wu:u n? is?J *
nuuo. nuue vnvuiu uvea ttuy liUCD QimiOK
would have been prevented. But who no?i
con fay how boou the Napoleonic idea may b
realized?
We always knew that Louis Napoleon wa
opposed to a united Italy, for the reason that
with Rome as its capital, it wculd becons.
a greater Tower in Europe than Austria o
Spain, and as Rich too great a counterpoise t
the power of Fiance. No wonder thereton
that the French Emperor acted so dubiously a
Gaeta while the Neapolitan King was still ii
possesion of a stronghold within his own do
minione. Virtually France and Austria agie
on one point?the important ore that it is uu
safe to have all Italy under one sceptre. W*<
have little doubt that Napoleon will avail Jti:n
Eelf of the opportunity presented by the deatl
ui vuvuur 10 lMuxrecuy auempt toe dmsiou o
Italy according to bis fixed idea; and as th
weaker naturally becomes the prey of th
stronger, it is not altogether beyond the bound
of probability that he may succeed. We ar
far from desiring such a result, but we canno
shut our ejes to possibilities. The removal o
this one man from the stage has so altered th
aspect of Italian affairs that it is extremel:
hazardous to say what may or may not occu
in the present condition of th? kingdom o
Victor Emanuel.
Among the first symptoms of change th?t w
shall be called upon to notice will probably b<
the revival in full vigor of the Mazzini faction
supported by Garibaldi and his partisans; auc
what may come of their effortB and combina
tions it is impossible to sav. but without doub
the effect will be bad. The tendency of thei
acts will be to disorganize and revolutionizi
all that is now approaching to a state of order
and at the same time to precipitate war am
invite ruin. An attack upon Venetiawill, in al
likelihood, be one of the favorite nuteeliags o
their policy, and there is nothing that the:'
could do more oeitain to be prolific of disas
trous consequences to the new kingdom. Wit!.
Cat our in his grave, Austria would fight with i\
lair and determined front, and the confiden
knowledge that it only required the defeat o
Italian arms in order to follow up the vie
tory by an entire demolition of the govern
ment of Victor Emanuel. It therefore become
llifl Kinir and liin t.n watr?h
every transition from the regular order o
thirge, ami to prevent aa much a* possibtr'F
tactienal interference In the policy of tfa<
administration. Thia will be a work requir
ing tbe utmost energy, discrimination) ant
firmness on the part of the government, bu
it iB 9! eo mu9h moment that no means o
entoiCibg h. otigtu to be neglected. Notwltij
standing every caution and endeavor, however
it may so happen that Victor Emanuel wil
neither be able to defy the machinations o
Mezzini nor avoid the wilt a and snares of Na
poleon. We can only say further tiiat, alikt
with all other lovers of Italian liberty ant
unity, we deplore tbe death, in the prime of hit
life and the heyday of his career as a statesman
the gifted Cavour, and that for the sake of hi:
CUllUIIJf DC UUBIi 11ID guuu WWM Will lUUJjf ?Ur
vive him, not only in the memory of all Italians
but in the national greatness and inequation:
which he labored eo assiduously to establish.
TH? Turf.
Cbntbiviui Comsi, L. I.?Trottihg.?Monday, Jun<
17.?Puree (SO, mile heats, best three In lire, in harness
Jam08 Whelpley entered bik. m B!aclc Lucy... .1 1 1,
Jamca Turner entered b. sic. m. Lady Bevlus.. ..3 2 s'
D. Pilfer entered b. b. 7x>uave 2 din
H. Woodruff entered 8. g. Tom Sayers di?
Time, 2:37?8:37 X?2:40.
Tbe above race waa poorly attended, aa might havi j
been espectcd, from the fact that Flora Temple and .lot,.
Morgan bad to trot their two mile heat race to-day, aucl
in war tlmee men cannot spare more than one day in J
week to sporta of the turf; but from the preparation*
made yesterday for company at the several hotels on ttiJ
toad, anything short of a crowd will spoil sport. Ticket^
mr iuc laiurac nre tor eaio ai siewarw.
Violent Storm In Mnaaaclinaetts.
Bohtom, Juno 17,1861. |
A severe hail Rtorm, with thunder anil iightniug, pasi;,.'
ovrr a portion of Plymouth county Sunday aiiernooo
ranging a great destruction of trees, growing ancij
windows At Sandwich thoro was a tornado, partially
unrooting somo buildings and Oemolifthiug chimneys.