THIS ElTUATIOIf.
lo tbe absence of official news from the War Depart,
mant we have some very interesting information from the
army of G- erai Grant, tbuwtog that some aotlve opera
tions have been going on, the precise nature of which we
are not in possession of, but which are no doubt calcu
lated tn embarrass the enemy.
Tbe Second army corps had a fight with the enemy on
ItL'sd ?y, in which the rebels for ? time got tbe advan
tags and captured four guns, which were afterwards re
liken.
O mora! R. S Toner has g'-ne on an expedition up tbe
James riv-r, under t! e protection of the gunboats and
Iron cini , hieu it if re so bie to expect, will make re
mark in ibe advance on Richmond On tbo 22J tbe
enemy shelled our gunboats, but tbifr batteries were
soon silenced
Our c rrcFpcnd" is* sccounts of all tbe events transpii*
Ins nrourd >ur ..runes up to tbe latest dates will be found
highly lulerc tm/.
lie rctei ac ounts of General Hunter's attack upen
Lynchburg, *li cb claim a defeat ot the Union troops
and tbe capture of a large p rlion of General Hunter's
forces, are glveu in another column. Skirmishing and
CjibiiDg on Frio y and Saturday arc reported, and a gcu
erai engagement vraa oufced for on Sunday.
By tbe arrival o! tbe eteanisbii Columbia from New
Orleans ?e learn that tbe rebel Roncral Klrby Smith
was reported to beiro'Stng tbe Ited river with bie forces.
CONOR ESS.
In tbe Senate yesterday a bill waa introduced amenda
tory of the net regulating tbe grade of line officers la tbe
navy, Tbe Senate, in accordance with tbe recommenda
tion of tbe Conttreuce Committee, receded from its
amendment* to the bill providing r?r tbe repair and pre
eervation or certain public works Tbo bill authorizing
tbe Secretary of tbe Treasury to bave pub ished and I
to shipmasters, at cost, maps, coast charts and nautical
b > k?, win- pissed. Also, tbe bill to Increase telegraphic
fa I Ms be worn tbe Atlantic and Pacific Slates and
ldan.> "territory. Tn?- new four hundred million loan bill
was received from the House and reforreA to the Finance
Committee. Tbe bill to rernlate mterooureo between the
loyal una disloyal S -tes was oonside ed for lone time,
and ibon laid over till to day. A resolution waa adopted
inquiring of tbe rroaidenl wbetbor authority baa been
gireu t.y tbe government to aay portroa to induce men
to emigrate from Ireland or Canada for tbe purpose of
entorfig our army or nary. Tbe Library Committee
was instructed to report on tbe expediency of having
compiled a catalogue of all publication! la reference to
the rebellion A bill was reported from the Post Office
Commute? providing for eals-ies for postmasters Id lieu
of;commissions. Mr. Hale Ineffectually endeavored to fa
trodtice a resolution of inquiry In r >gard to tbe progress
made In tbe o-inatruclion of tbe gunboats ordered
in 1802. Tne bl.i making appropriations for various
civil purposes was then taken up la Committee of tbe
Whole. Among various approbations stricken out were
those of twnty thousand dollars for converting tbe Old
Hall of Representative* into a gallery for statuary, and
of sixty three thousand lotflrs for tbe Columbia Institute
fo be Dm', Domb end BUnd. An amendment was
adopt-d appropriating fifty thousand dollars to build a
custom b< u -o in Portland, Utm? The bill wae laid aside
with' ot receiving final actios. Tbe Foreign Re attune
C mmittee were instructed to report whether additional
legislation t< nee ted relative to our treaties with Colom
bia Ibe Pension bill was diacu sed for some time, but
oo defluito acti m on It waa taken A long debate took
place over tne M scellaneoue Appropriation bill, Mr Sum
oer wishing to licorporatc In It a aw tion pr blbitlng the
ooitslei.* Slavs trade; bat tbn Re..ale adjourued with >nt
either deciding on Mr. Summer I proposition or approach
ing a vol* oa tbe bill.
in tbo House of Representatives bills were passed f r
oarrylr.g into sTV-ct the treaty with (.real Brill in for the
aettlrn)nnt of the title of tbe Hudson Ray and Pugot
Bound Agricultural Company, an 1 to enable tbe New
York Assay Office to noako more prompt returns for da
poalta la bullion. Resolutions were adapted confirming
the titles to tbe teats occupied by them o' John 0. Sootl,
rop'stent log tbe Third Miteourl district, end Leonard
Myere sod Russell W Thayer. Representative* iromths
Third aod Flfti. Pennsylvania districts respectively Tbe
Baurte bill amondaCory of the Pacific Railroad aod Tele
graph act waa disease- d for some time, most of the
emeodmeote offered b ing rejected, and It wae tbeo laid
fcver Tbs Senate bill for a cavy yard aod naral depot
at Oilro wae lakeo up, end there wad c milder ah la de
Law ovar H. Fin illy It was amended so as to provide
iaf the vp^miueui u a aotamiaaiua Id retort to the
out of fongress upo? t be moot suitable location
ou Wentern ?ate a for ouch a nav.it caul llahroent, and,
without transacting war other business, the House ad
journed.
MISCELLANEOUS NEWS.
Our European fllee by Ibe Alrioa and North Amartoaa,
dated to th? lltb of June, contain some vary lotereetiug
details of the telegraphic news roporta from Caps R'oe
and Halifax.
A full report of tbe debate which took place In the Eng
lish Ho iso of Lord* relative to the al.eged eulisiment of
British subjects m tho American army is publish >.l m the
Hi a*ij' to day. It will be seen that the Marquis of Clau
ricarde and Lord Brougham hinted at tbe possibility Of
ao allied Anglo treucb intervention la our war ailairs.
Tbe French people were wild ^ta excitement at the
fact that tbe rrenoh horse Yermoft won tbe great prize
or Parts |lbo French Derby), beatiug tba famous English
b>rso Blair AtboU Naooleon himself saluted tbe French
racor wilb uncovered hotd after tbe victory. M Delamnrre,
the owner ol tbe winner, made a present to Kitchener,
the jockey who rode Verraout, of ?200. U la reported
that the Jockey won as much as ?700 by beta oa Uta own
account.
A copy of the Matamoro a Pandrrn National contains
the communications tent by Colonel Duptn to the Inhabi
tants of Panucn, In which he oommaods them to furnish
htm with two bundred muskets sad foriy horses, or forty
thousand dollars lust end. In case of non-compliance with
these orders he would command tbe town to be entirely
destroyod. The Inhabitants, not being able or willing to
comply with tba demand, bad to abandon the town to
tba Invaders. Tbe ammo paper, in Its Issue of tbe 28th
elt., contains also the communications from Captain V.
Jonvert to Governor Cortina*, inviting him to vary per
suasive terms to Join tba Intervention, to wblcb the
Governor replies In a polite note, tbat not even for a mo
ment will he deviate from tbat path wblcb, as a soldier
and a Mexican, ha Is bound to follow.
Tbe Port au Prince (Hayti) Opinion .Yaffenale, In Its
lasuo ol tbe 11th Inst., says tbat cotton la at preseut ob
tained In remarkably large quantities in many parts of
tbe republic, and tbat, such are the prospects for its pro*
duciion in tho future, tbey think tbat in a few years It
will be the principal article of exportation. Coffee will
then range second to It.
The Maryland Constitu'lioal Convention, which la in
Be aton at Annapolta, yesterday adopted an article pro
vtding that hereafter slavery shall not exist In tbe State
?of Maryland, and declaring rrea all persons now bald as
slaves.
The Board of Aldermen met yesterday afternoon and
transacted considerable busiDoss. A resolution was of
fered by Alderman Cnipp, declariug tbe Fort Gansevoort
properly open for market purposes, and calling upon tbe
Street Commissioner to have tbe grounds laid out. City
Inspector Boole sent in a communication In reference to
the fat boiling nuisance, and suggested that tho Board or
Hoaltb would take immediate measures to abate tbe evil.
A communication was received from tbe Mayor In refer
ence to certain items of information desired by L. L
Doty, Chief of tbe Bureau of Military Statistics at Albaoy,
and urging upon tba Common Council ibe necessity of
furnlsblag aucb contributions to tbe historical rnd tts
tiaiical records as they might deem proper. A motion to
appropriate $600 for a portruit of ox Mayor Opdyke was
lost Tor want of a constitutional vote. After dispoatng of
a bitch of papers from the Koura of Councilman, tho Al
dermen adjourned until Thursday next, at two o'clock.
Tba Board of Councilman held a special meeting yes
terday afternoon, and transacted a large amount of rou
tine business A resolution was adopted, over the
Mayor's veto, authorizing the Street Commissioner to
furnish tbe several police justices with suitable badges.
They also adopted a resolution, notwithstanding tba ob
jections of Mayor Guntber, directing the Corporation
Counsel to take tba necessary legal measures to open a
number of streets In tba upper part of tba city. A reso
lution from tbe Board of Aldermen, requesting tbe ap
pointment of a joint special committee ta celebrate the
approaching anniversary of our national Independence,
waa presented. Mr. J aquas moved to insert tbe sum of
$10,000, which was lost, and tbe resolution aa originally
offered (leaving the sum blank) was adopted. A lengthy
discussion occurred on a motion to appropriate tbe auiu
of $1,000 to an industrial aobool In Forty-second street, in
charge of one of tbe Sisters of Coarlty, which waa amend
ed by a resolution to give tbe Coildron's Aid Society tbe
same amount. Tondlng the discussion, tbe Board ad
Journed.
Tbo proceedings in the General Sessions jrgtsrdav were
inlcreeting, as will be seen by our full report elsewbero.
A motion to remove the indlctmeots against Marshal Mur.
ray ana nta asau-iams, for tne kidnapping of atiimaw,
to tbe United Slates Circuit Cour', was argued by Messrs.
Evarla and Brady for tbe defendants, a d District Attor
ney Hail and Judge I'arker for the people. A decision
I will he rendered no Wednesday, tbe 6tb of July, wbicb, if
averse to tbe defendant*, wlll.be followed by an applica
tion to qoasb too Indictments. Tbe famous Clancy libel
suit was postponed till September, against tbe earnest
protest cf the ubiquitous Count Joannes. Tbe Grand
Jury were discharged for the term, and submitted a reso
lution to tbo affect that It was inexpedient to examine
into tbe action of tbe genera! government as to tbe sup
pression of tbe n'o Id and Journal of Commerce news
paj-ers for publishing tbe IT ward bogus proclamation.
Mr. Hall announced bis intent ion to submit tbe matter to
tbo next Grand Jury ?f tbe Gcreral Sessions
in tbe care of the Coiled Stntes against Isaac Bender
son, rta irgod with ivalfuaBincs In < fllee while Navy Agent
of tbe port o Now Yurk, no cxamiualion was had yester
day. Tbe matter stands postponed indelinitely, or ratber
until Mr. Heudersoo ari ang-.-s bis uflairs and can prepare
bis defence.
Tbe case or the United States against Madame Henrietta
Placbi. for making a false return as to tbe amount of her
Income t > tbo assessor, was yesterday dlsoutinued by
Comrnissioaer Osborne, who received from the collector
a notification that the matter bud been arranged to the
satisfaction of tbe United states authorities
Tbe appoal from t'.ie order made at special term of the
Court of Common Pleas in the case or Stephen T. Clark
vs. James Brooks and others, directing tbe issues of fact
raised by the pie dings t> be tried by a Jury, was argued
yesterday In tbe general term by Mr. Cram on tbe part
of the plaintiff", and Mr. McKeon on tbe part of tbe dc
fejco. i?ocision reserved.
Commercial affairs were very irregular yesterday, and
owing to the radical differences in tbe hourly quotations
of gold 'here was no disposition to operate. Both foreign
and domestic merchandise were dull and nominal. Cot
ton was without decided change. Petroleum was irregu.
lar Crndo waa batvy; but leQued was firmer. On
'Change tbo movement in tbe leading staples was to a
fair extent; but tbe markets were generally heavy and a
little off, except In pork and beef, which were very firm.
Tbe grocery market was without important change.
Trnt Siioddt Paktt Falun a to Piuces.?
Tbe President's Cabinet commenced quarrelling
soon after they were appointed over the divi
sion of tbe offices, and have continued their
wrangle ever since. Tbe contest between tbem
baa been growing more fierce and bitter ever
sinco, until it has finally reached an open hos
tility. It has extended to tbe followers and
friends of each Cabinet minister. The result Is
that the party is divided and split into fac
tion* engaged in fighting tbo battles of tbeir
superiors with all manner of ohargee and vitu
peration in regard to the corruption of each
other. It is a wrangle over the spoils, and an
exhibition of tbe dirty work, the robbery,
plunder and malfeasance of each, resulting
already in a series of arrests. They have been
luxuriating upon shoddy until at last they
are like tbe articles whose names they bear,
and are splitting and Milling to pieces, thus
proving that they are shoddy in ' their length,
shoddy in their breadth, shoddy from head to
foot, shoddy in their organization, and reek
with shoddy all over.
The Cabinet Picmnr.s.?A few days since
Mr. Lincoln called at the studio ot tbe artist
engaged in painting tbe Cabinet group, and
a<ked how he was getting along with the happy
family. The artist informed him that he was
progressing finely, and would soon have it com
pleted. Mr. Linooln, after looking it over and
scanning closely the arrangement of tbe group,
expressed his adtniratlbn of the work. "Yes,"
says the artist, "it will be a fine painting, and
as soon as 1 get It completed I intend to travel
through the country mid exhibit it." "What,"
siys 1, ncoln, "exhibit that aii over the coun
try? It will ruin my chances for re-election.
Everybody expects mo to change my Cabinet."'
PiUrsbari att? HtrhMad-Hot W ork
ltii|.??riaiiit Moveuicutat Af>?ot.
Our accounts received tsiuoe yesterday morn
ing from tbe James river are very interesting
aud suggestive. Tt.ey show that active fight
ing has been resumed on an extensive scale,
and that the movements of General Great's
forces are calculated to gira the enemy con
siderable anxiety and abundant employment.
From the brief details before us of the night
fight of the 22d, we cannot determine whet er
tbe Union troops engaged were moving by
their left flank around the south side of Peters
burg or for tbe passage of tbe Appomattox
below the town. We are inclined to the
opinion, however, that these movements now
in progress comprehend the separation of
Petersburg from North Carolina and all the
Statos below, the separation of Richmond
from Petersburg, and active operations
against both oities, by land and water, so far
as practicable, at the same time. At what
point tbe rebel army will be or has boen first
required to develop its strength in the defence
of Its indispensable lines of subsistence is a
matter of doubt, which will probably be dis
closed during the day.
General Foster's James river expedition, in
conjunction with tbe iron clads and gunboats
of Admiral Lee, may be expected to play a
conspicuous part in the grand programme now
in the coarse of fulfilment. It will require s
more powerful robel column than can be
spared, without abandoning the south side, to
dislodge General Foster from the north bank
of the James river, with his troops under cover
of our gunboats; while, if bo is not dislodged,
bo may very soon, in conjunction with the
navy, work his way up into Richmond. The
late consultation of General Grant with Ad
miral Loe on board bis flagship is thus satisfac
torily explained. Our powerful James river
squadron is not to stand idly looking on any
longer at this great struggle for tbe capital of
Rebeldom, but is pushed forward as a substan
tial reinforcement of tbe army.
In the same connection, the operations of
General Hunter's foroes, at and around Lynch
burg, arc already beginning to be felt, and are
much dreaded at Richmond. General Loo is
not in a condition to lose, without suffering se
verely, the sources and depots of supplies com
manded by Lynchburg; but if be has weakened
Richmond for. the purpose of saving Lynch
burg and overwhelming Hunter ths result will
probably prove this movement to bo only a
repetition of Bragg's disastrous experiment of
last autumn for the capture of Knoxvillo.
A very few days now, wo think, will materi
ally advanoo the work of tbe oampaign against
Petersburg and Richmond, front, flanks and
Who Kii.t.kd Cock Rodin??Tite (^.d Jacortn3
and THE New on Currency.?The old Jacobins
in the Froncb Revolution issued, under the
authority of the National Convention, and to
the tune of Liberty, Equality and Fraternity,
an immense amount of paper money as
iignats," "mandate,"all of which deoreased
in value in proportion to the extent of the
various issues, until the whole mass of the cur
rency, unlike the money that FalstalT admired,
had no "purchase in it." No doubt it was very
unpatriotic in the dull French tradesmen and
mercenary venders of eatables and wearables
not to take the Convention'^ promises to pay in
exchange for their good, at anything like rea
sonable rates*, but atlU they would not do it. To
remedy this difficulty the Convention pro
ceeded to flx tho prices. It made laws com
pelling the butcher, the baker and the candle
stick maker to exchange their goods for cur
rency at fixed rates. This extinguished the
last little sparks of vitality that were in the
currency-killed it at once and forever. The
new Jacobins, fighting under the cry of Liber
ty, Equality and Fraternity for tho nigger,
have flooded our country with a currency still
a little better than that France was flooded
I with. But it begins to look dreadful in com
! parison with the values of necessary article*;
and so the Jacobins have come forward with a
I gold bill as a remedy. This is the first attempt
I to flx prices, and it unfixes prices, of course.
And wo are told by tho financial friends of the
government that if matters continue to grow
worse they will fix the prices or all necessary
articles by law?just as tho old Jacobins did in
France. That of course will finally finish the
currency, and we will come back to gold and
silver once more, as France did.
The Obstrcction of tub James River. Wo
are satisfied that tho statement that tho ships
sunk in the James river were sunk by order of
General Grant?so far as that statement can
possibly relievo tho N avy Department or Ad
miral Lee of responsibility in the matter?ia
not true. General Grant required the Navy
Department to make suah arrangements in the
Jatnca river that bis communications would be
absolutely safe, lie foresaw that if such ar
rangements were not made the rams might
at any time imperil the safety of his army, just
as the Merrimac might at any time have im
perilled General MoClellan's army if be had
gone up the James river. Tho Navy Depart
ment admits that it cannot render the James
river eafe In any other way than by obstruct
ing the channel, and obstructs it. In Ibis way
it oonatrues the obstructions to be put there by
General Grant lie requires tho navy to make
the river safe. It does it by sinking ships, tnd,
as if there were no better way to make tho
river safe, says that General Grant required it
to do so.
Fremont Ratification Mistino.?Tho as
tounding developments and official corruptions
which have just been brought to light, as one
of the sequels to the Cabinet quarrels, must
give additional strength and impetus to the
Fremont movement. The Fremont and Coch
rane ratifioatioa meeting, on next Monday night,
comes qulto opportune, and will, no doubt, be
swollen to a large assemblage by the masses of
the republican party and the people, who can
not fail to look with disgust' and boiror over
the recent developments of malfeasance in
office by the officials in tho present administra
tion?sncb as have caused the arrest of the
Navy Agent of this port. This, howsver, Is only
a drop in the bucket as compared with all the
nefarious work that has been carried on. Let,
therefore, the friends of Fremont and Cochrane
strike while the iron Is hot.
Greeley a Lohbt Aobiw.?Greeley is out
In a letter in response to the charges of Thur
low Weed, and again prates about his purity,
sod announces that he severed his partimr
Sbtp with Weed because the latter was a lobby
operator. This is certainly cool, oven in this
hot weather. It is well known that Greeley
has been nearly all his life engaged In lobby
business. Look at his free wool, Fort Dev
msinea copper mines, gun contracts, and his
numerous efforts at Albany, with his advocacy
of the Broadway railroad in 18hl- In fact
Greeley, in his reply to Weed yesterday, ad
mits that be l)aa been engaged in the lobby
business, but that Weed has always beaten
him. In foot the only difference between him
and Weed is in this respeot: Weed has always
been successful, while Greeley has always been
defeated, and has lost nearly all his money by
lobby schemes and copper speculations.
lleClellwii sad Perleles.
McClellan has achieved a victory over his op
ponents which few of them can with honor
disavow. If he has not entirely vanquished
them, they have shown that ho has disarmed
them, in an important degree, by their absence
of abuse in relation to bis late great achieve
ment in the field of oratory. Prone as his ad
versaries have beon to assail him with viru
lence and ill-disguised bate, torturing every
act of bis publio life Into some hideous purpose
of self-aggrandizement, if not actual treason
against the republic, the most malignant of his
accusers are dumb in their oriticisms of, if they
do not applaud, bis late truly eloquent ora
tion at West Point on the occasion of selecting
a monumental site for our warriors slain in the
rebellion. They have found that his principles,
as there enunciated, are suoh as cannot be as
sailed without a gross violation of every ele
ment of truth and honesty, and that, based
upon the merits of this great discourse alone,
if not upon many other noble acts, the
fame of McClellan, both as asoldior and an ora
tor, hAs become imperishable.
While reading this oration one is naturally
and irresistibly led back to the classical times
of antiquity. It is like sailing upon a pleasant
and easy flowing river downwards to those
ages when orators were demigods, and at the
same time realizing that these are scenes of our
own day the young orator is describing. The
language, the solemn occasion, remind us of
the period when one of the noblest ora
tors and statesmen of ancient Greece
delivered a similar discourse in a su
burb of the then proud city of Athens,
"the schoolmistress of Greece." It recalls
to mind, as a parallel, the renowned funeral
oration uttered by Pericles at the pub
lic interment of Athenian warriors who had
fallen during one of the Feloponnensian cam
paigns. As that oration has been described by
historians as onq of the most memorable relics
of antiquity, so will this oration by McClellan
be recognized by the present day and in future
times as one of the most eloquent and touching
discourses that the awful civil war in which we
are plunged has evoked. A portion of it, as
has been said of the oration of Pericles, must
be commonplace?a characteristic of all
speeches composed for a similar occasion. Yet
in his details and narrative, in his allusions to
the loss of so many of his beloved and heroic
companions in arms, McClellan clothes his ideas
with a richness of drapery and a simplicity of
language that enchant the reader. Again will
a parallel with the discourse of Pericles be ap
propriate. As the Athenian's discourse has
been pronounced''comprehensive, rational and
full not lees of sense and substanee than of
earnest patriotism," so will the oration of
McClellan command the admiration of the
patriot and scholar for the high and statesman
like views it expresses, whether referring to the
causes that produced the war, the necessity of
maintaining the Union, the progress of tho
nation under its beneficent constitution, to
those "series of polltioil leaders who to the
highest abilities united the same spirit of con
ciliation which animated the founders of the
republic;" or whether the orator pronounces a
wholesome and dignified sentiment which will
become a maxim worthy the greatest of Roman
or Grecian orators, like the following:?"Re
bellion against a government liko ours, which
contains the means of scl^adjustment and a
pacific remedy for evils, should never be con
founded with a revolution against a despot'c
Power which refuses redress of wrongs." Or
when, in his beautiful tribute to General Scott,
he refers to him as "a living column of granite,
against which have beaten in vain alike the
blandishments and storms of treason;" or when
ho mentions the name of the same groat old
hero as one which "will ever be one of our
proudest boasts and most moving inspirations.
In long distant ages," he continued, "when this
incipient, monument has become venerable,
moss-clad and perhaps ruinous: when the names
inscribed upon it shall seem to those who
pnusc to read tbem indistinct mementoes of an
almost mythical pastjBthe namo of Winfield
Scott will still be clearly cut upon the memory
of all, like the still fresh carving upon the
monuments of the Pharaohs." Or, near his
concluding words, where he unites sublimity of
language with the purest and most exalted of
sentiments:?"At Buch a time as this, and in
such a struggle, political partisanship should
be merged in a true and brave patriotism which
thinks only of the good of the whole country.
It was in this cause and with these motives
that so many of our comrades have given their
lives, and to this we are all personally pledged
in all honor and fidelity. Shall such devo
tion as that of our doad comrades be of no
avail? Shall it be said in after ages that we
lacked the vigor to oompioto the work thus
began? That after all theso noble lives freely
given wo hesitated and failed to keep straight
on until our land was saved? Forbid It,
Heaven, and give, us firmer, truer hearts than
that. Ob, spirits of the valiant dead, souls of
our slain heroes, lend us your own indomitable
will, and if it bo permitted you to commune
with those still chained by the trammels of
mortality, hover around us In the midst of
danger and tribulation; cheer Jthe firm,
strengthen the weak, that none may (foubt the
salvation of the republic and the triumph of
our grand old flag."
We donbt whether in his subllmest periods
Pericles ever surpns?ed In eloquence and
power this touching and boautlfal apostrophe.
But the diicourse is throughout a nnatorpicco
of oratory, clothed In languags noble, yet
simple and natural. It thus again, like the
oration of Pericles, forms a strong contrast
with the jejune though eloquent rhetoric of
other haranguos; and av such, to come down
from the past to tho present age, and compare
it with the efforts of the most scholarly as well
as the most silvery orator of our day, Edward
Everett, It equals even that famed orator in
regard to statesmanlike views, in the terseness
.rod beauty of language, In the superior ele-.
ments of a devoted patriotism, In simplicityr?f
style that commends its meaning roadily, to
the most ordinarj comprehension, and Ifi its
pure, natural and touohlng tones of dfrotion
to the departed dead It rqnaia Everett in his
most d? aster It oratorical oouceptlojai and It
deeerree, like the fueral dk'eoaree of Periolee,
and thoee remaluiuf to us fro* Plato, and
Demosthenes, and Lysias, the honorable dis
tinction of an orer living possession, not a
mere show piece for the moment. , .
Thi Democratic Dbomios.?It seems there j
are two Democratio National Committees?one
headed bj August Belmont, representative of
the highly respectable banking house of Rotchs
cbilds, In Europe, and the other by the Hon. Tom
Florenoe, ex-member of Congress from Penn
sylvania. One is the Dromio of Ephesus, the
other the Dromio of Syracuse. It seems, further,
that a third oommittee has made its appearance,
beaded by Fernando Wood, who might be called
the Dromio of Bloomiogdale. So do the demo
cratic Dromloe multiply. What will be the
consequence! It will be strange if the oountry
does'not go entirely to pieoes. Belmont re
presents the great banking and moneyed
Interests of Europe, and it is well known that
the sympathies of capital and the aristocraoy
tbore are against this country. Who is more
likely, then, to put in the entering wedge to
our destruction as a nation than the represen
tative of these classes now living among us,
and who is "up to his shoulders" in all the
political schemes and intrigues of the day?
Maximilian and Maxzolenl.
The favorite tenor, Mtzz >lenl, has boen engaged to in
augurate a splendid season of Opera in Mexico, to whleh
capital he will soon talco bis departure, accompanied by a
number of favorite artists. Maximilian, who baa to loan
curate the empire, will find his task much more difficult
than that of Hazzolenl. The tatter's great talent will
captivate tbe ears of the Mexicans much moro readily
and effectively than will tbe promises and aasuranoes of
the former. Maximilian will run bis engagement as long
as It pays, however, and so, doubtless, will Mazzoieul,
and were we Inollnod to lay a wager on tbe endurance of
the reign of these rivals we should back the tenor He
has much the advantage of Maximilian, who can only ap
pear in one role, that of Emperor, while Maazolenl can be
by turns sovereign or slave, knight or priest, Christian
or Infidel, Jew or Geuttle. He may dazzle by his splen*
dor or win by bis simplicity. And when he shall hare
appeared as Glauc>, In lone, we may safely predict that
he will have won the unanimous allegiance of tbe Mexi
cans; and that Is more than Maximilian will be likely to
accomplish.
Heller wrens Spiritual Humbugs.
ITelior continues his triumphant career. Killed with
the importance or his task?mat of exposing humbug
and demonstrating to what extent human ingenuity may
roach without spiritual agency?he surpasses all bis for*
mer efforts and makes the ixpott sweeping and unanswer
able. He combines with bis tricks?tbe one more won
derful than the other?doscrlptive and argumentative
talent or no mean order. In fact, be betrays lu his per
formances a variety of rare accomplishments. As a
wizard be is lar ahead of CagliMtro. His eloquence is
really quite Clcoroncan. His Jokes are far better than
Old Abe's, inasmuch as they aro tit for oars polite. Then
as a pianist he is roillr remarkable, while, to cap tbe ell
max, be expound< spiritual matters as well as Luther or
Calvin, havlug become deeply imbued with the wisdom
of tho Hlmtostiuee Vogh ea.
All the wonders of Heller's performances are to be
witnessed nizhily at bis place, next to that wonderful
fruit store in front of the Metropolitan Hotel, kept, it Is
said, by a descendant of the great Rembrandt. Be that
as It may, next door 10 ihat shop is Heller's, and there
ne plays tricxs and the piano, mikes good jukes and ex
prates spiritual m -diums and such humbugs. Those who
wish to see the Davenport business surpassed, and by no
spiritual aid, should go to Hellor's.
Music In Ui? Park.
The Peik Commissioners announce that there will be
musio at the I'arlt, on the Mall, this arteruooo, at four
o'clock, oy tho l'ark baud, under the leadership of H B.
Podwurth, if the weather b line. The following b the
programme: ?
PAST I.
1. Tark March H. B. Dodworth
>. Overture to Vampa Ihrotd
8. Auvtl Chorus, irom II Trovwtoro Ver.ll
4. Elizabeth Scnottwch 11. B l)od worth
I'ART II.
5. Quick March, from Luc.ozia Borgia Ikml/eltl
0. Overture to Kraue Jugo* Itoi li'-z
7. Rondo Finale, from the I) .ughter of St. Mark?"J ho? o
Is no human joy" Balie
8 Grand Selection from II Flauto Mojioo Mozart
PART III.
9. The Veteran's March Itamm
10. Waltz Helming strublen Lanuor
11. Aria Irom I Lombard!?"Quzl Prodi 'io "
18. Weird Polka H. a Pod worth
National Potpourri.
Commencement ot St. Mary's Academy.
The annual commencement or St. Mury's Academy,-con
duclod by the worth? Meters of Charity, and situated In
East Broadway, nour Jefferson street, look place yesicr
day a'tomoon, in the large building inMulnon atieet
formerly known as tho Rutgers Institute. The oxercisiea
were conducted in the largo hall ot the socmd story. A
blsbiy respectable auditory, mostly composed or ladioa,
Qlled tho hall.
At three o'clock the exercises commenced. Among the
clergy present on tho occasion were the following.?Very
Rev. Father Burrs, V. Q. and Administrator of the
Ploceso; Res. Fathers Itoyco and Brlad.v, of St. Teresa's
church; Arcbdeac n McCarron and Rev. Father Karrc.l.of
Pt. Mary's; Rev. Father Brennm, of St. .lames'; and Iter.
Fall.or Outran. Among the laity were Junius llooto,
Captain Goodwin, Edward Scully, Esq., Philip
Lyons. Esq., Mid others.
The following programme was gone through with:?.
Murehe du Sacro, (duo, two pianos) Meyorneer
Misses 41 A Goodwin, A. Doughoi ty, A. UHtnarun, Kileu
Rice.
Joy, Joy, Freodom To Pay, (chorus). ."Gipeey Warning"
I'RRSHMS.
Fete dos Gondoliers, (duo, two pianos) flowitt
Misses T. Goodwin, Kllcn Rice, M. J. Kollly, Kleanor Rice.
Drift My Baik, (chorus) Kenekur
rrauvn.
Potpourri, (duo) Weisa
Misaes M. K. lacy and F.licn Rice.
Fairy Bowers, (oborua) Glover
panfulmsi
Melodies Celeste, (duo, two pianos) Roesellon
Misses C. Piny the, A. Dougherty, 1'. Goodwin, M. 3 m y the.
"Bury Me in the Huoshlne," faolo) .? Turner
mxmicms.
II Bsclo, (duo, two pianos) Ketlerer
Misses. A. Ullmartln, M. A. Goodwin, C. Smyths, M.
Amy the.
Voices of the Night, (voeai duel) Glover
pa Ran ma
Grand Caprice Hongrols, (duo, two pianos) Ketlerer
Misses A. Doughorty, M. A. Goodwin, T. Goodwin, Ellen
Rice. .
Fantisla Miss M. K. Lacy Taylor
O Hull Us, Te Free, (chorus) Krnanl
Considerable proticiency waa exhibited by all the
young lediea attache! to this line Institution, end where
everything waa excellent It would be hardly fair to par
ticularise natuea. The eifsters In charge ot St. Mary's
Academy may well be prond'of yoeterdny's exhibition
At I be conclusion of tne exercise Rev. Father Starrs de
livered a abort discourse highly complimentary to the
young lady pupils, and also to thalr teachers. Ha was
followed by Archdeacon MoCarron In his usual terae, elo
quest and witty style. This closed the exercises.
Tlx* Alluded Navy Frauds.
CN1TBD STATES COMMISSIONS It'fl OFF'tCNl
Before Commissioner Bella.
Jowl 24.?7*4 f/nv'sd State* againit Itaae TTenderton.?
The examination la ibis case, which waa expected to
come off te-day, stands postponed, but without a day as
yat being Ixed for lb hearing. Mr. llondersou baa
claimed the right of a preliminary Investigation Into the
charges preferred against him In the affidavit of Joseph
L. Savage, and It le to allow him lima to arrange his af
faire aod looms into court prepared with hie defer**
that the postponement bag been made.
to nra anrros or tui iisrald.
Sis?1 have ta eak that the public will term no opinion
unfavorable In rogard to myself end my oonduet ef lb*
Navy Agency at this port until, In the. ffrst place, I ran
And out what offancea t am acrusad of by the gov em
mem, and until, in the eeooud place, the charges wfhieb
may be made against me, as wall a* the charge nu de
already by Mr. Savagyg, can be eu'om lied to Judicial in
vestigation.
|u the meantime I *deny m<wt poaillvely thai Iks vain
any way or manner/wronged the governrorit or aw y pri
vate person. I ne>*ri la the most poailbe muooar that 1
have discharged /ny dutlwi as Navy Agent with Uw j etrlot
eet honor, and wdib the utmost am a and Bdehif . Anil I
entreat all men in this moinmunity to this until
the contrary I z proved. I have, I Ihlni, err .hi to aak
Una, aa one -sho h*s epont year# in thb ounlty as a
builneaa m?,n, and who has In all those year 4 maintained
.character wl.houl atalo or reproach ^ f (ENDERS0N_
Brooklyn city Me tve.
I RnOATTA?Ooaantnon ?Me err , requested to stats
ths jddgaa In tha lab regatw hr awarded the prim
n fim olaea sloops to the Jar ntc cgble. Tha Judgm
at deeided la favor of ths Mollis, hut sub?equenU|
ivered that they had msda an error In the compote
of tlaaa. and awarded tip # orlM to tba Jttnie Oabla.
HUNTER.
Attack Upon the City of
Lynchburg-.
KE3ZL1CC0UKT8 TO SDSD1T LAST.
Skirmishing en Frlhy, Heavy Fight*
tog an Saturday and a General En
gagement Expected ea Sunday.
Reported Capture of Four Huadred
Prisoners from Hunter's Army.
OPERATIONS OF THE CATALRT.
Fears far the Safety af the Danville
and Richmond Railroad.
ACTIVITY OIV ALL SIDES,
hn flso,, dn
OHOOE AM) AVKRILL FOUR MII.B3 800TB OF LTM?S>
BUKO, AND F10BTIN0.
[From tbo Lynchburg Republican, June 20. |
Friday afternoon, about four o'clock, Crook aud Avertt
reached a position near what la known as the "Quake.
Church," on tbo Salem turupiko. four mllea from Dm
city, on tbe left or our linea, where a considaraMa
sklrmisb occurred wltb our cavalry, under General lam
boden. In the fight the enemy gained lonu advantage*,
owing to tbe loss or our lines, tboy glvlug way beroro a
charge. Tbe Yankee* were promptly chocked by w
Infantry, and retired to tbelr original liuo beyond lb*
cburcb. Among our wouoded In tills Ogbl waa Uajet
Doles, roportod mortally.
ABT1LLKBY FIRINO FOLLOWRD BT A 8BTBM BS>
OAQaMKNT.
Saturday morning at daylight tbe boavy booming of
artillery on our loft and centre told that tbe flgbt wae
begun, and many believed that a general engagement waa
progressing. It was soon ascertained, bowover, that It
was ooly an artlilory duel, and up to ooe o'clock no tm>
funtry was brought Into action. Shortly alter this time
the rapidity of tbe discharges increased, and the sharp
ralllo of musketry mingled with the hoarse roar of artMte
ry. About this time the enemy advuueed in two lines ed
battle to oapture our outer intreuebments on tbe left ef
tbe turnpike, but were repulsed. Again they were rallied
to the cbarge, and were again driven baok wltb oonsMer
able loss.
THK FW'tf LOBS.
Forty of tbelr killed wero left on the fletd, and .erne
tweety prisoners were taken. Inoludlog the killed aad
captured, tbelr loss waa at least two hundred and Ofty.
and prsslbiy tbreo hundred, on tbe entire t'ne it waa
ascertained tbe enemy's loss was Mvonty-flre killed om
Saturday night.
TBI BATTLB OROUND.
The battle ground waa on both sides of tbe Salem tarm
pike, between the Quaker Cburcb and tbe toilgale, aad'
about two miles southwest of the city.
1<OK ARTILLRRT CONTMT.
About twelve o'clock ibe enemy on our eilreme right
centre opened heavily with artillery, but after a d-rea
duel of two hours dura on tbe enemy's guns weMl
rilcDced and driven fro-n the He d. Ttiia light
ing wan on what la known as tne " i-orrest road,"
about two and a lali rally* fron tnwa Thorn wai a
roiort In circu:ation, on Saurduv night, (bit we had
captured Ave pieces of xrlll'etv durioirthe d?v. but we
were unnblo to learn wbe t or It bad an/ lonudatloa OP
not.
CAVAI.UT OPERATIONS.
A bod/ of the enemy's cavalry made a demonatratMS
on Saturday on our oxtreme right, on tbe Lexluglon tun
pike anout Ave mils* from the ell/, but were prompt/
n et by aome of our cavalry and e*mly chocked. M
operaltona of Pattirdty, while the/ only afford par tap
evidence of the spirit of our men, give assurance Unl
when tbe battle opens In earnant the result will be a is
tor/ aa complete a* any of tbe war. Our friends dm
dittancr may red astur-d ;hat Lynchburg 11 ai taft nor m
it would be were there not a Yankee within a thouwmM
md'i of the City. '
A GENERAL, ENGAGEMENT EXPECTED ON 8UNIAY
I. AST.
A general engagement la anticipated on Suntny.
Al its close Hunter will be of tbe name opinion, <r we
snail be more mistaken than we ever wore In our lift.
OTHKIt CAVAI.RY OPERATIONS.
A font arrived here on Silurday night and roprtsd
that n body of Yankee cavalry, seven hundred strong,
parsed Alexander's Mill, three niilee this side of (amp
bell Court House, on\jaturd iy evening, moving In tie db
rcclion of the So'ilb Side lUilrond. It is preeumef they
aro endeavoring to cut the road again. The scout rgwr ed
that a body of two thousand of the oaemy's civalry were
moving on tbe Ward's bridge road, In tbe dtrocdos ef
lianvllle, with the supposed loieotlon of tapping tin ft left
mond and Iiauvliie road.
Rf.rORriiD CAPTURE OP A PART OP OCNTXE'l OOE>
HAND.
[From the Petersburg Register, June 21]
Unofficial Information from Lynchburg stales ibattfta
Yankees (Hunter's) were overtaken In their reireal ad
Liberty, and a large number captured.
REBEL ACCOUNTS FROM GEORIIA.
[From tbe Petersburg Register.)
Mariktta, Ga . June 10. lMft
Tbe enemy made a demonstration this morning from
Big Shanly towards Canton, on our right, and ware MO
by n division of oura. wboo they precipitately withdrew.
Our army la being dally reinforced by allgbtty wounded
and oonvalesceut troops. Tbare le m uook-rlsra e?
criticism In the army, but tbe greatest corfldnace Is mas
Rented by both oilicera and men la tbe capacity and aUS
mate success of General Johnston.
T~! Armlsfc
I)
There has been no msteriel change la tbe poeltkm of
the two armies .within the last two days, owing probably
to the incessant rains, which rendered the move
men l of artillery and wagon tralon a rathe*
serious affair. Everything ha been more (|ulet than
usual for several days. Tbe reels will rapidly Improve,
under tbe Influence of such weather as ws aew have, sad.
active operative will no douot be resumed very speedi
ly. Tbe two armies aeem to be drifting slowly to on*
right, for what purpose Is perhaps best knewa to Oeaegal
Hbsrman, tbe dance being a 'Jung of hie getting np. Be
he* moved from I "alias around W> tbe rallread, and a ilitis
t<> tba east of It, biff line of breastworks between tbe I we
points, aome twenty-Ave or- thirty miles la length, dee
efibiuglthe are of a circle. The Army el Ihnntease,oaa*
dent of its own strength and prowess, ksepa i-aoe with
his movements, and coufponts him with an Impenatrshlft
hedge of bnyoneU ai every petal Tbe parties,
lar object be baa la Tlew, In r"ns'"? **?
and fro serosa tbe aoontry, iw* ? jost Aonk ad
aheep, eveoUie aarpet generals, whose egla reposes as
benignly above the women and children, sad who are.
popularly supposed to know erajrythmg. oannet tell us. Iff
-borman fell that he couldn't whip the arm? of Tsnnesees
in one oounty, It Is dlffluult to conceive how any material
change In bis feelings e?n be made by moving across ft
second oounty Into athlrd. To reach Al'anta, If that bft
hi* nhiect be raus* abandon hi* circle, which would carry
him entirely arcowd It, and come straight ahead. It Ift
true Gen Johnsios might elalan a sort of pre-emption right
to the latter rotate; but there is no doubt In the world b#
would be willing to " fight It out," a method of settling
the question which ought te he estie/aetory to Hhermsm
as he led the public to boilers I hat " to tight" was hi
ohlef object in coming to Georgia.
Accimnt at rim Lxams Oirtcft?Owing Is a* aoeldaff
In the hatchway, the whole of the fonder newapays
forms were throws Into "pi" last evening, whloh pft?
vent* the Issuing of the paper till thle (Saturday) eveai%i
Tits Tarf.
ONION COURSE, t. I.?TEOTTINg.
K sip at, Jun* 94?Sweep*'akea $800, mile best*,
f r. Ogle named b. g, Napoleon 1Y., to wagos...., J |
W McKobsrta named r. m. Udy Gaffney, la harueegfi 1
B. Woodruff named blk. ?. St. Lawrenoa | fl
Tinm
*>* Mile, Ascend Mb. fatal.
First Bast 8;0| 8 Oft fl *g
.second Beat 8 04 l W n:og
To day a match for ft ooo will onnas oft belvten twf
Rtalan liland borsre, both known to b? 1st. ant a gone
i raofgnay ht netlolpaisd.