The numerous maps, plans and diagrams of the
operations of tlio Union and rebel troops in Virginia,
Missouri, Illinois, Florida, and on the Mississippi
and Missouri rivers, which we have given
from time to time, are now published in one sheet,
wliiob is ready for delivery. Agents desiring oo)4ee
are requested to send in their orders immediately.
Single copies six cents. Wholesale price the
flame as for the Weekly Herald.
THE N ITUATION.
Our intelligence from the seat of war to-day is
highly important, and indicates a further retieat of
the rebels. A gentleman who arrived in. Washington
yesterday afternoon, direct from Richmond by
way of Manasses Junction, reports that there are
null, 10 OOO u? Ikr. -T?n??O.M 1?.?
tie defences were elaborate and extensive. There
were, however, 160 railroad cars at the depot,
which had arrived from Richmond since Sunday.
On that day General Beauregard went to
Richmond when a military consultation was
held, after which tbetailroad cars were despatched
to the Junction. In the opinion of the gentleman
who brings this news a retreat to Richmond haa
been decided upon, where a great stand will probably
be made.
The advance columns of Gen Tyler's division
(right wing) of the Union army under Gen. Richardson,
is reported to have had a brisk engagement
yesterday with a rebel marked battery at Cull's Run,
three miles from Centreville. It would appear
that a portion of the rebels retreating from Fairfax
Court House took up a position near Bull's
T>?? !>..ri nm.nr.ri dir. nn Riirimr.lcnn'u tpnnnu
After two hour* fight General Richardson found
that liis force was not strong enough
to stoma the battery under the heavy
Are of the enemy, and he sent back for
reinforcement*, which were immediately forwarded
to him, and at last accounts heavy firing wan
going on in that direction, indicating a renewed
attack.
The grand army pushed on in the direction of
Manassa* early yesterday morning, us will be seen
by our reports to-day.
Wc have the precise position of the different
brigades from the official report of General
McDowell, dated yesterday, which we give in
another column. The First division, under General
Tyler, was between Germantown and Centreville;
the Second, under Colonel Hunter, at the
Court Hoiuse and about to move to Centreville;
the Fifth, under General Miles, at the crossing
of the old Braddock road, and wa^ also
under orders to march on Centreville. ^One of
Colonel Htintzelmann's brigades was at Fairfax station,
but the other had not reported itself. Tho
rapidity of the advance of the Union army and the
equally rapid retreat of the rebels arc forcibly illustrated
by one fact stated in General McDowell's i
J l
report, that the lebel pickets near Fairfax were 8t 1
their pout when the place was occupied by the \
Union forces, and they supposed that it was their own i
army which was still in position there, and actually j
entered the camp of General McDowell's troops.
The rebels had taken to flight so precipitately that
thoj- evidently had not time to call in their pickets.
The rumors of masked batteries along the line to
Fairfax proved to be fallacious, as nothing wis
found by the advancing army except a few in- j
fantry breastworks, and those of the rudest con- J
etruction; and with tlic exceptlou of felled trees
and'a few earth barricades at some deep cuts In the
road, the troops met with no obstruction.
Several trophies takeu at Fairfax Govt House?
many of thorn very curious affairs?hitve been forwarded
to us by our correspondents, and wo give
an interesting description of them in another
column.
With regard to the movements of General Patierbod's
division, it is reported that he has not proceedfrom
Bunker Hill to Winchester as expected, but
took the road to Chsrlestown. It was discovered
that Winchester was so well fortified in that ilirec
tion, an to render au approach dangerous, anil
hence the change of plan.
It fe reported, however, that General Patterson
received information yesterday morning that
General Joluieton had retreated five miles boyond
Winchester. Harper's Ferry was garrisoned by
Union troops yesterday, the road being now open
from that poirt to Charlestown.
We learn from Missouri that a fight had talo n
place in Galloway county between Colonel McNeil
with about biz hundred men and one thousand
rebels under General Harris, in which the latter
were completely routed. Twelve of McNeil's men
Wore wounded.
From Fortros* Monroe wc have intelligence of
Rome active movemente of the rebels at Bewail'*
Point, where they are landing troop* from Norfolk,
but nothing of importance ha* ooourred at the
fortroM.
The effecVbf the news of the magnificent advance
of tho grand army of the Potomaa in Wall street
yesterday waa very marked. The impression
seemed to bo that the manner in which the advance
was conducted argues favorably for the snecess of
the campaign, aud stocks went up immediately, not
only United Statess stocks, bat those of the
Southern States of Missouri, North Carolina, Virginia
and Tennessee, and at tho advance the sales
werequito brisk.
Our European advices by the Asia, to the 7th of
July, are interesting. The Fourth of July anniversary
was celebrated in London with decided
ccfcrt In support of the Union. Mr. Adams, United
St&tOH Minister in England, having previously engaged
to attend at the winding up of the examinations
of the famous Harrow School, was not present
at the American dinner, but he forwarded a
strong Union letter to the Secretaries. There was
no public display in Paris, but the American visiters
in the French capital observed Independence
Day worthily at their homes and hotels, and one of*
our correspondent i in that city calls attention to
the fact that the Southern tourists there present
invariably displayed the 11ag of the Stars and
Stripes from their windows.
Soma few ships in Liverpool flaunted
tho rebel bunting oa tho Fourth. The English
government bad despatched over six
hundred tons of " war stores" from Woolwich
to Quebec. Our London correspondent
states that there was no attention now paid to the
rebel Commissioner in England and thai the peo>
pie at large dreaded the idea of a war with the
United States. He asserts that Mr. Yancey has as
much chance of negotiating the rebel loan in that
country as he would have of selling a mortgage on
"an uncaught whale in the Arctic Ocean."
One hundred and ten cotton spinners in Lisle,
France, had "struck" from work In consequence
of an attempt to reduce their wages. The mill '
wiQ irlln
The war news from America attracted the most
grave attention among the commercial bodies of
France, and we have it asserted, as a positive fact,
that the government of the Euiperor had just assored
the Chambers of Commoreo in the leading
cities that his Majesty would attempt a mediation
between the government in Washington and the
rebels. _
THE NKWH.
The Asia arrived at this port early yesterday
morning, with news from Europe to the 7th of
July?two days later.
Consols closed in London on the 6th of July at
89% a 69% for money and account.
Cotton closed steady in Liverpool On the 6th
instant at an advance ranging from one-eighth to
one-tourth of a ponny per pound on eome qualities.
The largest business on record was done during
the week endiug on t hat day.
Breadstulfe had a quiet but steady market.
Our Paris correspondent states that the Emperor
Napoleon was seriously ill with a diseased liver
and affection of his spine, and that his stay at Vichy
will be prolonged to some weeks, with perfect
tjun'L ui uuuu, nn u rnt-uua ivjvwuur* iiujMUYiiig iub
health.
It was thought that the outbreak at NaploB was
but the commencement of a civil war in Italy,
which would extend into Unibria and the Marches.
Frauce had announced her intention to increase
her garrison in tho frontier towns of tho "patrimony
of Saint Peter."
Spanish insurrectionists at Loza had cried out
"The republic forever," and "Death to the Pope."
Spain had taken armed possession of tho city
of Tetnan, Morocco, and will hold it pending the
fulfilment of the obligations of the late treaty
of peace by the Emperor. England was acting as
a mediator between the Powers.
On the assembling of the United States Senate
j-eaterday, that jjbody was called to order by the
Secretary, who announced that Vice President
Hamlin would be unable to attend during the remainder
of the session, when, on motion, Senator
Foot, of Vermont, was elected pro tempore proui.linrr
off!,.or Tl.o I,ill nrnvirlinir for nn Auci
Secretary of the Navy was paused; a proposed
amendment, providing also for an Assistant Secretary
of the Interior, being rejected. Tho bill for
the better organization of the marine corps was
then taken op, the amendments of the Naval Coinmittoc
adopted, and the hill passed. The bill for
the better organization of the mililury establishment
was reported back to the Senate from the
Military Committee, with amendments. The
amendment in relation to filling the vacancies
in tire West Point Academy was,
after some discission, stricken ont. Mr. Powell,
of Kentucky, offered an amendment that
no nart of the armv or navv shall he used to snb
jugate sovereign States ??r to interfere with f-lsvor}',
which caused a long and spirited debate, fn which
several Senators participated. Finally, Mr. Sherman
offered a substitute for Mr. Powell's amendment,
to the effect tluit the purposes of the military
establishment were to preserve tl?e Union, to
maintain its authority and the authority of the constitution,
and to defend property. This substitute
of Mr. Sherman's was agreed to by 33 to 4, and the
hill as amended was passed. A report was ma o
from the Committee of Conference on the bill to
authorize the employment of volunteers, and the
report was adopted.
In the House a biH was passed to provide for the
remitting of certain fines and penalties incurred by
reason of tho Southern blockade. A bill supplemental
to the act for the punishment of piracy was
reported and referred. A resolution was adopted
instructing the Committee on Commerce to inquiro
into the expediency of closiug certain ports in the
rebellious States. A bill was passed providing that
nil prepaid letters to soldiers, addressed to them at
points where they were stationed, may be sent to
any other points whither they may have removed
without extra charge. Tho House also passed
a bill providing for the payment of tno volunteers
from the timo of their arrival at the place of rendezvous,
instead of from the time of their being
l sworn into the United States service, as has bcre!
inin? >>.isn lli# mm. A considerable nortion of
tie day's session was taken up in a debate elicited
by the report of the Judiciary Committee on a
resolution referred to them in reference to the
recent visit of Representative May, of Baltimore.
to Richmond, and his alleged complicity
in various ways with the rebels. Several
members took part Jb the ciicwsion, which
was quite animated and Interesting. Mr. May
spoke in his own defence, denying the charges, but
heaping abase on the administration for having
thwarted the schemes of the traitors in Baltimore.
One of Mr. Maj's colleagues?ex-Governor Thomas,
of Maryland?replied in a forcible and truthful
maimer to the remarks of Mr. May, and defending
the course pursued by the national government
in reference to Baltimore. He said that Maryland,
in her heart of hearts, thanked the President for
having savedjier from ttjc dive perils of civil war.
The Houao afterwards passed the Tariff bill. The
Senate's amendments to the Naval Appropriation
bill were concurred in. The bill providing for an
NEW YORK HERALD,.
inorease of the standing army to twenty-four
thousand men, was then taken up, and au amendment
adopted, converting these regiments into
| volunteer forces, when, without further action, the
I House adjourned.
The Tammany regiment, or Jackson Guard, com- '
manded by Colonel W. D. Kennedy, numbering ,
over one thousand mpn, left the city yesterday
afternoon for Washington and the seat of war. The
Sixth regimeut of Maiue Volunteers, Colouoi Abner
Knowles, also arrived at nnd departed Item this
city yesterday for Washington.
A Committee of Conference, appointed by both
houses, have under consideration the net to authorize
the employment of volunteers to aid in supporting
and defending the government or the United
States. Several allei utiotm have been made in
the original act, and amendments added. The vo
mincers, dotu omcers uud privates, are to Ijc governed
by the rules of the regular service, and one
of the sectious provides that the pay, pension,
bounty, and all other witters, shall be extended to
all military forces mustered into the service oI the
United States under any proclamation of the President,
or by order of the War Department, ainoe
the 30th duy of April last. Rules regulating the
payment of bonuses Lave also been added.
We publish to-day a most interesting statement
from Mr. Hurt, the guide to General Rosencraua'a
column Ht the battle ol Rich Mountain. As a plain
statement of facts it gives a most vivid description
of that Uriel but decisive engagement: and the plan
of the battle, which we give in counectiou with the
statement, will enable tho reader at a glance to
see how skilfully and well the Union movements
were conducted.
The New Orleans 7V?e Pelta of July 10 has
two characteristic articles, containing bold denunciations
of the duplicity and imbecility ot the rebel
loaders. One refers to the contemplated assembling
of tho Congress of the Couledcrale States in
Richmond on the 20th inst.. of the future of which
no very sanguine anticipations are entertained. It
the State oi Louisiana, it says, is to lie taken as a
sample of tho way things have been conducted,
the result shows a treasury collapsed, a great city
comparatively defenceless, a people full of chi
valrous feeling discouraged, and an ardent and
je alous local militia disappointed and disgusted
It suggests that the provisional government
should immediately organize the local military
strength, under the direction of cupable and
intelligent military officers, to which should be
temporarily attached such scattering material as
may be found unemployed in udjaccnt States, so
as to familiarize it for any duty the future may require
of it. Tho othor urticle shows the absurdity
of the donation reliance; states that the men who
have managed to get the country into the war
have proved themselves utterly incapable of carrv
ing tho rebel States safely and honorably through
it, and asks why should not the people awake at
once to the opportunity that will soon present, to
find other men more fit to carry them with honor,
glory and success to a triumphal termination of
all their troubles? It is quito likely that the indignation
of the people of the rebellious States will
recoil upon the rebel leaders who have madly led
them into this unfortunate war.
The Rev. Dr. Stiles, of New Haven, Secretary and
Agent of the Southern Aid Society, has gone to
give " aid and comfort" to the enemy. His two
Bona have also joined the rebel army.
A gentleman who arrived in Memphis on tho
11th mat. states that over ten thousand hogsheads
of tobacco were disposed of in New Orleans in one
day during the last week. The tobacco was intended
for the French market, and the French purchasers
paid for it in gold instead of bills, as had
been their Usual custom.
The Richmond Despatch of the 8th Inst, announces
the death of Captain Richard Ashby, from
the wounds he received in a hand to hand encouuter
wilh a detachment of Colonel Wallace's regiment of
Iiufians Zouaves, at Kelly's Island, on the 24th of
June. It Bays he was found to be badly wounded by
a sabre cut over each eye, a thrust in the bowels, a
deep cut in the arm immediately above the elbow,
besides having both hands injured by musket or
rifle balls. Near the close of the engagement
Dr. Autaunton. of Italtimore, and Oswald Foley, of
Fauquier, Virginia, fell mortally wounded.
A gentleman recently arrived in Philadelphia
from Richmond says that Jeff. Davis takes a ride
every evening through the city on a fine gray
horse, and excites considerable enthusiasm among
the citizens, with whom he is quite popular.
The Commissioners of Charities and Correction
met yesterday. The business transacted was of a
routine nature. From the report of the Committee
of the Whole, it appeals that the balance of cash
in the hands of the Commissioners amounts to
$ '<2,896 21. The weekly statement shows.that
2,349 persons have been admitted into the institutions
during the last week, making a total of 8,161
remaining there on the 13th inst., an increase of
fifty-four on the preceding week.
The Commissioners of Excise held their fortieth
session yesicraay, ana graniea licenses to eight
storekeepers ami twenty-seven innkeepers. The
Board adjourned until noon to-day.
The cotton market continued to rulu quite Arm yesterday,
with sales of about TOO bales, closing on the basis of .
15.'ic. a 15?<c. for middling uplands. The receipts ufuciv
cotton at the Southern purls, during August or prior to
tl.o 1st of September, are counted in the crop of 1A60
and'61. The cm ton year ends on ti.elst of Septomber;
all received after that period Is counted In the crop of
1861 and '62. Usually between the middle of August and
the middle af September considerable shipments of new
cut tun are made to Europe. Owing to moderate receipts,
w ith easier rater, for freights, combined with the favorable
news by the Asia, flour advanced 5c. per barrel,
chiefly on Slate and Western shipping brands, and in
some cases lOo per barrel higher was paid; othor kinds
wore firm, but unchanged. Whoat was firmer for good
shipping lots, which closed lc. a 2c. belter. Corn was
firm for good lots, but at unchanged price*. Pork was In
moderate demand, with sales ot mess at $15 50 a$15 62K.
and of primn at $10, and eomo lots of good quality were
reported at $10 24. Spices wcro active, and closed firm
and with Improved views on the part of holders. Orders,
It wag said,had gono to Liverpool for the purchase of spirits
of lurpcntino for this market. Sugars were steady, with
sales of 800 hhdtt. Coffee vras firm, with sales of 3,800
bug3 or Rio at 12c. ft 14>?c.,and 320 do. Maracatho at 16c. a
17c. Freights wcro rather caster for grain, with a fair
amount of engagements.
The Advanr 'ng Ariulca of the l'nion?A
General RiTlew.
From the Potomac river, in front of Washington,
westward!? to the frontiers of Kansas, the
forces, the ninvemtnte, the combinations and
achievements of the armies of the Union all
point to the same grand result?the speedy and
decisive overthrow and dispersion of the armed
forces of our Southern rebellion.
Of General Scott's masterly concent rat ion of
troops in the valley of Virginia, undor General
I'aUersoa. and along the Heights of Arlington
and Alexandria, under General McDowell, it is
not essential here to enter into any lengthened
details. The results thus far, as given in our j
news columns, of the advances upon the enemy j
from both these divisions of our grand army of
the Potomac, are all that could bo desired.
From these results it would appear that both
Johnston and Bouuregurd have boon taken by
surprise; tor Uow otherwise are we to account
for the precipitate flight of their outposts, leaving
their provisions, letter bagp. muskets and
|W)laukete to a considerable amount behind them?
From the facts before us we have alio reason to
| believe that the rebel armies are sarlously defluient
iu ?T1 the essentials of organisation,
! equipment, system, discipline, unity and confi|
denoe. They are evidently laboring under
| the heavy moral drawbacks of a bad
FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1861.
and hopelenB cause, and it will probably
soon appear that many of the soldiers,
impressed into their servloe, are
cordially devoted to the good cause of the
Union.
We anticipate a crowning triumph ovoi Beauregard
and Johnston, and such a popular reaction
in Eastern Virginia agaiult the grinding
despotism of Juff. Davis as will open the gates
of Richmond to the glorious old flag of the
Union, without awaitiug oveu our preparations
for a bombardment. Meanwhile, there is n corner
of Southwestern Virginia which is still disputed
against the Unionists by ex-Govoruor
Wise. At the last accounts he was at the head j
of seven thousand men, pushing to the eastw ard
up the Guyuudotte river; but us General Cox.
with a Union column of some eightor niue thou- I
sand nit a, wus hot upon his truck, we expect
soon to hear that Wise's progress us u military
chioftuia has been ended by his capture or by u
crushing defeat.
Thus, within a lew duys. we shall most probably
be enabled to congratulate our Union loving
readers upon the virtual restoration ol Virginia,
oast and west, to tho Union. With the
removal of Wise, the last impediment iu the
western section of the State to the loyal Union
people In that quarter will be out of tho way,
and those people will then take care of themselves.
With the overthrow of Johnston iu the
valley, Mr. Senator Mason will find that he is
no longer wanted in that section; and with the
overthrow of Beauregard, wo dure say Hint the
occupation of Norfolk and its surroundings will
become an easy matter to General Butler.
Next in order, stretching five hundred miles
or more along the Ohio, river to its junction
with tbe Mississippi, opposite Missouri, lies the
State of Kentucky, loyal to the Union by an
overwhelming majority of hor people, though
sorely annoyed by a restless clique of scheming
rebels, with her disloyal Governor Magoflin ut
the head of them. This State occupies a sort of
neutral position, generally regarded us discreditable
and one-sided; but still, if it holds in
choclt the armies of the Union on the one side,
it holds back the armies of the Davis despotism
on the other side. Passing, therefore, westwardly
over this neutral ground of Kentucky, we
next come into Missouri, the great Northwestern
outpost of the slave States.
Missouri, for the last ten years, has been controlled
by her Southern rights democratic politicians
of the secession school. They u{p in a
paltry poputar minority, as was shown in the
last Presidential election; but between the Lincoln
party, the Douglas party and the CellEverett
party, they oontrived to smuggle in a
secession Governor and Legislature. Knowing
that they oould do nothing in a State convention,
they proceeded, through their
Legislature and Governor, to arm their com
federatos in the State, their purpose being the
subjugation of lb* loyal majority of its people
by foi ce of arms. But through the vigilance
and activity of suoh Union leaders as F. P.
Blair, Jr., and of euoh inflexible Union soldiers
as General Lyon, and with the. timely "financial
and material aid" rendered them by tho
city of New York, this rebel scheme of pushing
Missouri out of the Union by the bayonet was
defeated.
But, though thus defeated in their grand
design, the Missouri rebel conspirators, arming
and supplying themselves from the State
arsenals and the State treasury, including the
annual school fhnd of half u million, hove not
abandoned the field. On the contrary, though
ignominiously routed by General Lyon, and
sovorely cut up by Colonel Slegcl and other
leaders of the Union forces, we still find Gov.
Jackson and his confederates busily at work
In tbcir desperate enterprise of wresting the
State from the Union. At our last accounts he
was In the southwest, near Arkansas, with a
body of armed followers amounting to fifteen
thousand. But General Lyon was after him
with a body of twelve thousand men, including
a large proportion of regular United States
cavalry, artillery and infantry, under Major
Sturgis, while there were additional Union
army detachments in other parte of the State,
amounting to thirteen thousand men. Ilenee
we may conclude that Missouri is perfectly
secure.
From Maryland to Missouri, it will thus be
soon, the Union cause, under skilful generals
and brave soldiers, in overwhelming numbers,
is steadily advancing; so that with the expulsion
of Jofferson Davis from Virginia, we expect
such a demoralization of the rebel armies, and
such a popular reaction throughout the revolted
States, ns-will soon put nn end to this whole
rebellion. Let us hear of the overthrow of
Beauregard, and we shall soon hear that the
Southern Union sentiment is not extinct, even
in South Carolina.
The British Government and It* Organs
Coaling Off.
Amsng the remarkable effects springing from
the sudden vigor of the American government
in grappling with tlio Southern rebellion there
is noao more evident than the changed tone of
the British press. In-proof of this, we refer (o
an article in another column from the London
Times. Some of the abolition journals, sympathizing
with the anti-slavery Bcntiment ia England,
have deprecated alike the course pursued
by the government and by tbo New York
Herat.d, as provoking the British government
into a war with the United States.
I These anarchical journals tell ua that England
is the natural friend of the North, and that we
must not vex her; and their ire against us equals
the indignation of the secession journals of the
South, who also claim England for their friend.
But it is now very evident that it-is owing to the
bold policy adopted by Mr. Seward in throwing
i down Ibe gauntlet to any of the Powers of
| Europe who choose to take it up by meddling
in our domestic affairs, and to the defiant, determined
attitude of the Northorn independent
press, representing the sentiments of the people,
that the peril of war with England is so
greatly diminished; und if it should be finally
averted it will be entirely due to the fact that
i iio Bucrctaiy "i owue wunieu uih rowers 01
Europe that the American government would
not permit, them to interfere, and under no circumatancop
would ever suffer iho Union to ho
dissolved: while accompanying this announcement
was a call for a vedunteer army and for
the sinews of war. which was responded to
with an enthusiasm unexampled in the
history of the world. Such unanimity
was never witnessed before. The people
row 6H masse to tight for the Union,
and against England if necessary. The Herat.d
disclosed the British masked batteries and fn
the name of the American people set them at
defiance. The men and money called for have
been slip* raised hy the authority of Congress
to* bulf u million of troops hiid fire hont'lred niilliotts
of dollars.
Wane it not for the prompt decision, tluv firmness
end the vast preparations exhibited; the
chance* were that we should have a war by
this time with what tho Times so complacently
describes as " the moat powerful, the ricliest,
the uiost united and the best armed empire on
the globe." For what was the oonrse of the
British government? It ostentatiously acknowledged
the Southern confederacy as a belligerent,
power dug all the rights of war--an act
which, if committed against Groat Britain in the
ease of Ireland, or Canada, or India, she would )
regard as a cause of wuv with any other nation.
Then the British government and its press told
us tiiafc Manchester and Lancashire tnusi have
cotton, by fair means or foul; and that tin blockade
of ttao Southern porta would not be regard
ed unless it w as so " effective''that no sLip i
conld puss out or in ; moreover, that the block- j
ade of the ports wm not legitimate, howev" |
effective it might be, unless thefedeial troops
also occupied tho ports bloc-haded, and the authority
of the United Stales government were
maintained iu those States; and at the same 1
time it was announced that British troops were
about to be sent to Canada, and a Boot to our
! coast, to look after British rights and interests.
Whether this was menace or really meant w ar,
| one thing Is now cerluln, and that is that the
British government and its organs have become
more civil to us, and are explaining away the
armed expedition to Canada.
They begin to be alarmed for the safety of
the American people, lest, ''with tlieir constitu
lion in rums, with a hostile ami} within u few
miles of their capital," their "self-esteem
should hurry them into a causeless war with a
fully armed European Power." The reul
meaning of this is that the London Time* and
the British government nave beconio somewhat
frightened, und not without good reason, at the
attitude of the American people. They know
very well that they could do us very little injury,
whereas we could shatter their old rotten
empire with our 8rst broadside. Revolution in
Canada, revolution in Ireland, revolution in
England itself, Jamaica and every West India
island in her possession wrested from her
grasp, would be tbo sure and swift retaliation.
We perceive lurking even in this article of the
7?mes a sympathy with the rebels. It says: ?
"It is plain that the President of the Confederate
States, whether he is doing much
or little, is doing it with a seoreay which the
commanders of the North cannot penetrate."
The. Times will lourn very soon whether not
only the secrets of Jefferson Davis arc not penetrated,
but whether he is not trausfixed himself;
and when the rebellion is crashed and the
Union restored?as it soon will be?let. the
British government beware lest it may have
to defend itself against the just resentment oi
the whole united American people, North and
South, East and West, with an army of 750.000
men. Then it would soon be seen which is
" the roost powerful and the richest" nation on
the globe?Young America, with her virgin
soil and boundless resources, or an old, decrepit
Power, tottering to its fall, with a population
among whom wealth is the exception and
poverty and rage thesrule.
The Administration, the Army, and
Northern Abolition Disorganizer?.
The policy of tire administration of President
Lincoln, and of General Scott, in regard
to the suppression of rebellion, has
proved so wise and national, that it
ought to have met with the approval of
every Ame rican oitizou. Eschewing the narrow
cavillings of effete factions, its single end has
keen tn rAtdAeo itiA AP TT?!A?
urcu iv irciuif lut ut lut' tiuuu, m
the most speedy and effective manner, with the
smallest amount of individual suffering. and
most in accordance with the inspirations of true
humanity. Ambitious and less patriotic rulers,
by precipitating battles, aud aiming at speedy
results, would have entered 1>o that craving for
excitement which is so rife in turbulent times,
and thus have really put off the attainment
of the- great object of the war
to a remote period. Victories won would
have been the precursors of defeat under
less advantageous circumstances; sectional
hatred would have acquired an ineradicable
malignity; and the downfall of our glorious institutions
might have attended success itself.
The plans of General Scott have been laid,
however with such forethought, and statesmanlike
as well as military skill, that, without any
extensive pitched battle having been fought, the
roboi troops are encompassed oy toe legions 01
our federal generals, and a campaign is approaching
its close, with but comparatively
small expenditure of blood. Good citizens exult
over the measures that have been adopted; but
the abolition disorganizes of the North are
filled with dismay by them, and their organs
daily teem with vindictive onslaughts against
the Washington government, and especially
against Mr. Lincoln and General Scott.
Nine-tenths of the people of the loyal States
arc conservative in their sentiment#. President
Lincoln has pursued a course in aceordancc
with the patriotic views of the masses, and has
acquired by so doing a nearly unanimous approval
of the measures ho has adopted to put
down insurrection. The rage of the Greeleys,
Garrisons, Wendell Phillips**, Lor^oy, Chandlers
and Jefferson Bricks of tV; North knows
no bounds. The ferocious harangue of Mr.
Phillips, on the Fourth of July, at Frumingham,
gives the President no other choice than the
instant liberation of all bondsmen, or being
branded as a " sluvehound," and Gcrrit Smith
demands an executive ?vliet of emancinntion.
and that "ton or fifteen regiments of blocks
shall be marched southward from Canada and
the Northern States." Tho Tribune is. if possible
still more frantic and, in its yesterday's
issue, addresses the President of fhe United
States in the following strain of insulting bombast:?
llali of out people sro Iwnkrupt, and one fourth of tho
remainder will be so if this struggle Is to drng wearily
into mouth* ami years. Capital is idle in disuse. Commerce
hugs tho oor.y p|pr nod whurf. Wator and steam
tura tin: wheels of our machinery ns listlessly and lastly
n* your Lieutenant flrneral mores hie columns toward
Kichmond?lie sitting like a grand Sultan in his seraglio,
with cunuche and mutes about bin:, to use bastinado or
bowstrings upon all who question infallibility or look upon
a file of soldiery except to be awe-struck and admired. In
your own Stnto values have been swept with tbelr repre,-en'ativs
liko forest trees before the hurricane. Production
has no worth in surplus nipply and stinted dnuiatni.
Within fifty miles of your home, roi n cannot now
be sold except, for tho pittance of eight cents per bushel.
The heroic Scott "a grand Sultan in bis sej
raglio, with eunuchs and mutes about him" for
J general*, oflioers. and soldiers! This Is the language
which a journal dares to use which has
contributed more to fun the flames of secession
and promote rebellion, than any other instrumentality
in lhe land, because ui?? noble hosts
who are fighting to restore tha 'supremacy of the
constitution and the laws.^fusc to be made the
tools of a faction wbi<jl? has unceasingly pro
claimed that " tET coostHutlo* Is a league with
bell and a covenant with dealt1-" Until "privation
thull be seen in the eyi * of Southern
mothers and their children* shall k '? reduced to
rags,'' the Tribune has anaouuoad that it will
not be satisfied ; and lis rerlllngs si * the President
and his advisers, are attributafe'? to their
loathing of such inhuman and degm 'lug barbarism.
N w?r has been proclainssi1 by the
governir gainst slavery; neither m ill any
attewj 'le to interfere with the- fVU eajov
oy individuals in the South, ov* A#
ribuus guaranteed to them by the laws, .to sdoit
as rebellion shall have been quelled, and
truitora have laid down their arms. Five dniu
[ dred thousand loyal men are or soon will ba
! engaged in eifetlng ibis result, and wlitvi it
shall bare been achieved, those who are ?\W?
ring against the Union in behulf of alave ins.litutions,
will be less abhorred than the more ? "
sidloua inischicfmakers who are undermining
! il <u order that slavery may be destroyed.
| 'the Supposed Rrovliuu?Its Abiurtdty
and Polly.
The revolutionary organs in the Northern
Btatos, have ussiduoiiidy labored. during the
lavi f'? w weeks, to persuade tie public that a
reaction Los taken plaoe in (tie popular mind
against the war, and thuj. the loyal ex< in-m* nt
succeeding the bombardment < !' hurt Suuiter
has subsided. Bueh misrepresentations at*
mischievous: and unfounded. They oontril t e
to delude credulous-people, in the rebel Stales,
into thv.supposltion that an under current <>f .
sympathy with their cause is to be -found not a
of the Potomac, and that it will find vent lit a
manner favoruble U> the peaceful dissolution of
the Union. One journal of this city went ?0
tar, a short time ago, as to assert, authoritatively,
thul a public meeting was about to be held,
in Union square, of those who were opposed to y
the continuance of hostilities, uud pledged nself
that it would exceed in numbers uud re
jj'vvvi?Miuvj iu* fi, ivhd uinuiivoiaiivu Ml A] *1*1
L'o. Not only hod no plan lor mm h a treasonable
demonstration been seriously concocted,
but, if Here bad, the attempt to carry
it into execution would have bteu frowued
down by all good citizens.
We cannot too often repeat, that tho uprising
in the loyal States grew out of no epbemoial
excitement. It was founded upon that principle
of rational unity, which, in an enlightened
people, must ever be sufficient to concentrate
encigicB, obliterate enmities, and combine all
hearts in a common, sacred cause. Love o'
country lies deep down in the human soul,
and forms a part of its untaught, nutu?
ml logic. It appeuls, equally, to individual
magnanimity and to the more sordid
self-interest. Patriotism, reverence for the
past, respect for established authority, and the
memory of beneficent institutions, as well as the
law of self-preservation, are all motives for
maintaining it. To impair it, appears a sacri*
lncf. n.t wMnti thn mini) ukml li. *
and continually increasing odiousness attache#
to those who would rend the parts of the homo*
geneous whole asunder. To it was owing, tin
months since, that spontaneous display of enthusiasm
which electrified the world, and threw
dismay into the hearts, not only of insurrectionists
at borne but of intended allies abroad, ard
it will burn with undiminished brightness, nnit|
the objects of the conflict that has been began,
have been attained. For some time previously
to the assembling of Congress extreme party
journals like the Hews and Journal of Commerce,
on the one side, and the Times, Tribune and bun
on the other labored assiduously to fan the i
flame of discontent, and to foster wrong imp.essious
respecting the policy of Mr. Lincoln * administration.
They have received, one and all
however, a rebuke from which they cannot
soon recover, and the complicity they have
maintained with treason, has lost them the con
fldence of tie community.
j ucre is no oxjeeuou wnicn cavinerB can pro
pose to the vigorous efiorts ll.at arc being raadi
by President Lincoln, in imitation of tic grant
policy of General Jackson, in and lfcoS n
put down rebellion, which has not been alread;
met and answered by the common sense of tl.
masses of the pe ople. Money and men will b
wanted in abundance, and they will b
supplied. National progress aiul developement
have been proved, by the history of the world
to be inseparable from internal throes and e
ternal assaults?the natural diseases of en
pircs?which must be successfully overcon
before their destinies can be fulfilled. They ut u
the critical periods of races, and tl.iougl such
one the United States of America is pausing,
is no ephemeral calamity, inasmuch as tt
sacrifices that must be made to avert it, ai
made lor tue oenom 01 mtuie as well as preat i
generations, and the expense will be so in
mouse that the resources of the future must I;
mortgaged to provide for wants that are i; j
cnrred now. Does popular sentiment quail ui
der the emergeucy? Not only arc no signs
weakness and dismay visible; but deteimin
tion and unflinching resolution are more ui
versally manifest to-day, than they were thr< ;
months ago.
The inherent energy of ancient Romo, w
never so sublimely shown, as under the pit
sure of crises similar to that through whi<
this republic is passing, and, under the lr.mei
ed Cavour, modern Italy has seen the creulit
of a powerful kingdom out of distract* -j
provinces, because its rulers comprehended tl 5 '
imperishable immutability of the work of i
construction in which they were engaged. Itu * 1
1b loaded with debt; but, in place of a doz
petty despots, a patriotic dynasty rules ov?
a five and contented people. Wicked, f
sane, and untrue to the traditions of their fo
fathers would Americans have been, if, ,
versing the example of Victor Emanuel and 1
Prime Minister, they had permitted theineelv |
to he gulled by the falsehoods of the Mail
Greeleys, "Little Villain" Bricks, Aminad '
Sleeks and Ben Woods of the press, s
connived at the division of the United Kta J
into tliirty or more impoverished little desp
isms. The work they are engaged in is sacr f
and holy. Thanks to the vigor which ben
like So,ott, Lyon and McClollan are iulusi ?
into on* troops it will speedily be con
mated, and the chimera of reaction will
found to have only existed in tho ini'atim
brains of disappointed demagogues or iu the r
row-mlndcd Intellects of sympathizers with |
beliion, whose vocation It is to deceive th I
selves aud to strive to deceive the public.
Police Intelligence. , ,
tlUJORAhlf i mxl'h.u'.flb of mo mnuu uiakokt
RoBWRt.?Tim I wo policemen?C. M. Foster aud J. Mav f
who were (harped wllb robbing a cilir u in a lager
saloon in William street, were honorably dtrchvp
ludpe Of horn on Saturday laat. It turns out that tb
licemeu were called Id to stop a disturbance, when
saw parties trying to rob bira inside, and paired bis v
for him. After this the parties lutho saloon, top
tbauMlvs*, persuaded Handw to make a com t
against, the police men. ?