rHE SITUATION.
Ofticial news from Atlanta yesterdey evening reports
Inat thers have been so reverses to our arm?,
?? d that General Sherman hold1? bis position, and is vigor
oe-!y aUvanc'ng General Rousseau has fulfilled his m.s
Sion successfully, wiib a irifing l03s. Witt rcspect to the
\>atile of Fridny goveromtct lias received reports, from
which me gather itiai our loss was lots than two th usand,
while the enemy lost fully seven thousand. There is still
no official Information Id the hand? of the government
that our forces have entered Atlanta. All the fighting
a"td." to have been done about the outside de'cuces Id tbo
au'nrbv In the tgbl ot Vridaythe t eveoteentU corps,
cmiiiai tied by GeD. Logan, went islo bitlle with the cr?
of ''Remember McVhcrsou!" Geo licri.erf a wa? shot
by a rebel sharpshooter while itconBOitncg tte pes. lion
of the enemy apart from bis ( ij 1ho flgtt wr.s no
do :btedly bloedy and terrib'.e. ae tte ccmter fctot on
b lb hiJcs proves. Tbo body of Gen VcPhersoo arr.ved
at Naf-bvllle yesterday , a. d, a'ter l eicg received with
ir. i.t-jry honors, were lorwurtied to liOnsville.
tv itb the exception of a trirmg ?iclrir.t?b now and then
It front of the 1 ifib nrd Ninth ermy corps tlie-o bis
lieet noihleg dune by tbe Army of the Toiotnar beforf
I'ticrsburg. A rumor reached I'olnt of Rcck?.
ac '. in r maouDlc 'ted by our correspondent at
thai plaee, Ibai G'Of-ral I.ee was *11 bt!y
w uoded 1-. tbe tc >'p whi'o trialcins an ctoervatton of
o r lines o:: tb - Sin innnct; i>ot It d'^s not appear to
bare prevented bim fr >ro retslnlng command of the
army in rerson an I directing all its riovetn"n'.g,
EFROPEAN NEV75.
Tb? -te m?bip leifiaa, frees I. odouderry on tbe 15:b
of Jr v. i: ?ol Kiiiher J'#int ro'ieidayou ter v. yaf* to
Qi eiie . Her news is two dnys :at r.
The advunce iu tbo rebel c tten loil to Tits tall by
IliC Loci: n '' ime to been: ? I ly advi? * Inn. Atnetlra
yrselved ty English speculator^, ibo I.ocO. 'i TV wt a.p
thai th ' b ndi of the i< , n are belDg abtorbed by
bio kade runuera for tbo pn it . : of cott'?o.
T:.ere wi rt- rum''r" ib*t the K -ar- rfo .il an itil'* o
inriit n itk a privateer ?fT Jer?eyoctbc K 1:1 oi . i ?? , a id
(hat the Onion ve*-el bad pat Into Gut in -y J rablr ?. f
T ,e rep"'t was false, so lar as the Keartargc 1 c.^oc 'roed, I
a sh was <><'? hover on the 13th instant.
it wfc- said tbat the ^acrini'-i.to may ha-.e enc:i;ed a j
p: v ,ie . bin tbedif! rent reports need cinfirpiat'on. 1
A dgneut lor debt had been tMua-i noin-i <l'.e Rnp. J
puliuni.' >? it by tbe ltvuioiine Cbimbor of t>.: me ? ??, but
tt.e "ft' or? cf tbe vessel at Calais |irever.:?d it* r ? -cntion
A verbal nruccss tbe.i delivered lu U'em bj itie civil
eft. ers.
i apin'n Seromes wn? rusticating lu Ireland in oeulio.
li is r firmed tbat the King of Poumi'W has proposed
an arml> lice, with a view to pea -e tr pohai: rn, to the
(iermans. Il was rf nerally believed that peace would
?oon be concluded, lu tbe meantime tbe Prussian troope
were ad v kneing in lutlaud. It is alleged that the Ring
of Henmark offered to surrender his fl^et to the Germans
provided hie crown was protected by tbe German Con
federation. Tbe new Danish Ministry bad .sent a non
cimmlital message to tbe Parlinmeot, f*. inf, In fact,
that tbey bad aot yet decided oo any fixed lino of pulley.
Tbe /nd'jwrndfwce li'lp' e:iy* thai the Kmc "i I>enm%rk
bae "obtained ar.d invoked" :he mter? mtioi. of toe ikm
peror Najnii ? >n.
Additional kdvioes from New Zealand show tbat tbe
British tr ope were surprised by tbe Meories and ran
away, aim ml all tbe < It.cri being killed or woundei iu
gallant, but sratn etteroyta to rally ibem.
The Liverpool cotton mark<*t c>o*e<l buoyant cn tbe
16th of July, witb price* unchanged from ih< advance
eiperieoced during tbe week llrexiistulls were <jn:et
and eaey. ProvlstODe Orm, wltb so upward tc don y. j
Ooneo'a ? I used In London, on tbe 1Mb Of ,lulf, a' ''O '4 a
fto't for money. The bullioo In tbe of I'Mg jud tie- 1
crease 1 ?.?0,000 In tbe week.
MISCELLANEOUS HEWS.
Mr. Moms Taylor ha* been appointed to * cce?d Vr.
( ,ioo a* ABSietaiit United 8'a:ea Ire., surer . s> tins cite.
Tbe loog drought was brought to a termicstlon ir. IBI?
Tlcioil- yesterday by a heavy abowr of rim, wbicb
poured clown at intervaU in retrnlar torrein*. in* -sin
wa? followed by ? severe st ?ro oi ? mi. which de
atroyed a Taut quasi ty of ve^elstlon ic tl ? vk site,
faappieg off branofces of tree* and uproot eg flam in
maoy of ?ir parks end private garden'.
Ibe-e have been rumors r<v eotiy In uur for? cn rewsof
so enyagement. on tbe 13ib lustai.1 . cr. ti e I lu d of Jer
ny, id tbe f sgllsb < haonel. betwr^s it' K^nrs^rge and
the rebel privateer Flor.d*, in whl !.,of > ;r4e, there
seas no truth as tbe Honda was off tLe Dt A??rS cape?,
OS tbe lltb tir'anl
A ?eet i*g ef the committee o' Arrsc.?!r<'ntr for tta
Jti ("leilan mask meeting , le be be;d at t'tion *'iuare cc tfcc
30ib of Aug ist, was beld at tbe Sinclair lionee Ust
erening. Preliminary Srrangetueaia were made by lbs .
?yfOioMMBt of suii-c>romitieee, vt ) were initrucled to
report st tne next nesting, to be Leld it Wc<'nes<Sa> even* i
lug, July 21 letters were r?ad trim t romir.Tt men frrm j
th* W esters and Border Mater, gtvli .? ni I corouraging
?roousts of tne rspid ebange t?i i,g pi*. ? m favor of tha
tiesslnatios of Major General < eorge h! MsCleiiss to tbe
Presidency by the Chicago Oi vrtitioi An. tg tbem
were maay wbo have beretolore I est, a t'.vs s-.j | orioi*
?f |b? adaislSiritloi, - ? - .
H>lrd of Coo'uttlmen SiTt yetterilay, when two
r merin 'cations w#re received from Mayor r.uather
)li? li nor retoraei without spproval a resolutiss p- r .
pMUn? s hum foiM$ busisess is B?aks>?o strset to vises
* sic* uiv>a a Wnp r<m oa ?be turner of Broadway ud
Ann * reet. The Miyor ?rarms that ibo Co:ntuou Council
has re |<wer lo g-?nt such ? pr file,;*, tbat the practice
? It net ouly lurir 'ensible In principle, but will Inevitably
?%d to c nfuslou and ill feeling;" that the street*. are held
by it* < "or|?.r??lon f >r public -igos *1 >na, and Um to gram
lo ud, vidua]* any franchise would he unjust end tnexpe.
Mayor Onntber reoommended an siueudmoit lo
the twentv-firsi cection of ibo or 'induce regulating pjb
l?c curinjMu In tho revisod ordinance of 185 J hj at tu
wake provision fjr ibo bale of property carried by
ctbtnan or peters to tba ol.ce of tba 8upar.aienrf.nt
"f I'-illcd if t >t c'aimed by owiers after the Upje of six
months. A petition or the c arts of the various mar
kete In the city Tor an increase m th-lr salaries m re
ferret to tha<Mnioltte* .<? Ficiu-e. Tbe Um .lroller re
P"ried that ne paid lo tbefam>ltes or voi<ipteerii dur
ing ihe two weeks ending July e tne ?.im or $f*7,9?8, and
that the bahnoe unexpended up to that dale was
I1H3 754&2. An ordioanoe authorizing tbe City Inspec
tor to appoint assistant street Inspectors, at the rate or
|3 per day, was re erred. The report or tha Committee
on t:ie Fire Department, w thi dra t of an ordinance for
working the flro telesra-h >vas laid over. Tbe hill of
Me?*r*. E Ige hC >., for f imishln^ flr.-wer .? on the oo
easlon of the celebration of tbo 4th er July, amounting
to the conforiai.le aim of was referred to tbe
sneeial c niiu ltoe on that subject. After the presoiita
tlon of routine reports and resolution* tbe Hoard ad
journed till Tb'irsJay reict
J"djre Barnard dwp ised of an Interesting divorce ea*e
yesterday. The plaimn, Hyacfotha Cordier, wa* mirnod
to Mary Jmo Hubou In !xc. t?ahar, l?t49, and ?r>^n alter
wards went to California, whore he roinainet until will
In a few moalbs, when ho returned to Aid bis wife
married to a man tiRmod I'rico be whi m she his unite *
large family. The defendant eicplsiii'td matters by s*y
Inc that sb? believed Cordler to be dead, ?.nd dd r t enter
Into the eec.rnd matrimonial alliance imili she had re
peatedly hoard or his demise, The 'lourt gr intod the ap
rl cation for a divorco on the ground that the de'endant
had not mide suri'.ctent inquiries as to .lie rusnorud death
of her husband.
The court martial o*fnnl7ed for the trial or Bristlier
Ocneral Francis B. PplTiola mot yesterday, at eleven
o'clock, at No. IT >tate strea, In pursuance of ai* ourn
ment, under tbc prci deucy of nnsaitior General Rari
?uT? Colonel K. J Hall, Ju lge Adrooate. Tho proceed
log* or the court are not to b? published, and, undor this
ruling, the members or the press left the room.
Tbe new building lately erectoil on th? battery Tor tbe
use or the Count? Volunteer Kecruiting Committee was
formally opened by appropriate ceremonies ut eleven
o'clock yesterday morning. A salute or one hundred
guns was fired, and, amid llio cheers of tho assemblage
tbe national flag was raisod on the Dow buildings Su
pervisor Blunt, the chairman of thecoramittoe, conducted
tbe inaugural ceremonies, and, notwithstanding the se
vere rain storm which prevailed at the time, a Urge num
ber or persocg were present to greet tho new enterprise
and encourage by their proscace the commlttoo la their
efforts to fill the quota and avoid the dru't.
A comj'iaint of larccny was ywtorday made before
Justice I ow.ing agair.st Tbeodore Koruor, 2T?f Jiast 5e?
enly fourih street, In whose bouse the missing b:>oics he
longing tr> tbe city Ta\ Commissi 'ners' office were found,
as noticed In tho Bkkai n of Monday Mr. Kerner was
held on l a i of one tbocsund dol.'ars to api ear for exami
nation tomorrow.
A m.'n n?tned John Jackson was yest- rd^y committed
lo tbe Ton- bp for trial on the churgr of attemvtin? to
hum d"wn tfce la^pe tenement house C41 Vfater tir??t.
In wblch attempt, however, be was arretted before tho
fire had made much headway. His design appears to
have heei to revenue himself ?n his wife, of whom he
was jc&l us, and thu other iumates ol the builU.njr, wh?,
It srem?, h::d boet me f fcjocts of fcu enmity.
The fire lo the vill.-go of Jamaica on Sunday laat In- ?
volvert the rlestr iction r,r j rojicrtv to tbe amonut of b?
tween $20,000 and t25, COO, as car as can hecstlmned
?t pre ri t. Tbo loss la parti ly covered by |psurani:e.
Ihe fl.o is sujiptscd lo have boon tbo work of un Ilcou
liarv.
ihe <^ity Tntvector renorU the nnrrb?r o' deaths In this
:ity during the week eodlcir yoslerd-.y.tba 2;*tb Inst,, at
Md. being sixty. four less than orpurred 1-ri we. k, ar.d
13S 'ess thin n ose f r tb? corresp ending w;etk o! li t
fear.
The share market w s'ron^ aL.?ir yeMerday, nnd a
leclded ndrar o t ok place in the rt^rer iptC. pf.ors
or trover, ment securities, ?rbi<* is attributed to the
growing eve In moi- t?rj- alTalrr Tho hank statement
or 3 turday shows a oeriea'e in lojrs during the week of
nowards of oi bt million* of dollars, and a d<-craaso in
den ?:is of nearly four milhoos. Tills would sppear to
l d:c..te a stridency; hit the seejniag o.oc tract -d o
the ba u? i? it.,.. C!y a reloo-.l- n of tbe novfrnm^-,1 inf
dtfblP '.(9 lO ILO'iO ine? it'JtlODH.
T' ' ri?c .ii gold yeiterdtr nrTnlnrr unsettled prVes of
Voin f d'-n ar^l dome--<ic mfrcbar1.se, am! neariv
<'verj l -iiv ' .'d .? t hlihcr^.n o? than were cjrrerl op
Spmi <1 y. \ahiM were irrcgol'r, however, tie gold
qnot.ith": ' varying cor.>ide; ah'y. Petrole um sold at a
r'"i " '' ? 4r higher, Co'tfin wa* w tcoul d*cid?d
eha te. (in '.Mi r,g.- 1 .t. le.fl -,.. auf.at of breaJsf.5* '
' r ' ',T v i'"'? were .1 rnn?-.wuh a n ? lento !
m tun :if, f,o tl.'htfo'* of ibe t:. may market !
sjrt?eul .i in <b'rk\ I'rrlrht* were firmer in (,? ds^>. '
i;nenc o' tl scarcity of Iuoim^j.
Alli)o(::_* he K <bf I llc?r? in <J?if
...lui'ti? ,7iil>n?|.ip,-. | hi Afatylund Kttid*
Ii is a' Km t rcrtnip that ti er'1 ha? Bora p.
sevtrp f i t nr-zr and lLai I'mi refaf-lf
! ;ivc 1 ci-a Bc.i'o .. !!(.. ?<*. tlr new conm^ni!?r
cl il.c rrb A tiny of iV : c? ve. his mot with
t.l? cointno" fi t-.' of rn n who .nte fht-ir n<i
vsncei '"31 to I L ?? c ?t*:>?'ra.'i? \rho !
jO uoi 0^ ail occa^ioi'i*. }]?* rritioisH
he fotri- ? b'rufecj' ol Jr.hn^tofi Sfevcrolj, I
wjh HpjM?inted to no what he paid should
hr.vo Bft n done By Johnston. Compiled t'< i
flptit by li t1 c!rcnr..i <!tncps of li> ipi.ointmtnt. i
l;e }ia? hr.ou bntpii. llis career fumtehos '
another example of much easier it is to ,
tiiiiun out victories in one's own qturtern than |
to win them on the field of buttle.
General Ilood 8 I rst Luttlf? wuti as much i
forced ujion him b\- General F her man ns it was I
by the circum-tnncea o! his own advancement.
Our army wa? thrown directly acrccs the oaly
line of retreat that Could k*jep Cicneral iiood^a
army in communication with hie capital. If
.Sb?>rman could stay there Hood must re
treat on Macon or Montgomery, concent to
bopelcea isolation from bis government, and
eee the confederacy oneo more and very
effectually cut in two. He fought to attempt
to prevent this by driving Sherman out of bis
pfith. He failed, and now baa to reconcile bim
wtlf lo a defeat in addition to the other disa
gree abl "a of bis position. His defeat deter
mines the fall of Atlanta, and with the fall of
Atlanta tho power of the confederacy In the
Unlf States will probably go to pieces'. It was
the common centre of organisation for tbe
whole country south of tbe Savannah river, and
what H represented morally and physically
cannot be suddenly ccntraliawd af any other
point. It is an Irreparable lo^s. General Hood's
di faculties have only beRtm with tho lo^s ol this
place. Should he attempt to bold Macon, It
would only retard the evil day a very little
longer, and then his destruction would bo more
signBll y decisive than it can be now.
lie will. pcrhs| s. move toward* Montgomery.
In that case he will have a bard road to travel.
General Rousseau has just reached- Marietta
from a magnificent taid on the railroad between
Atlanta and Montgomery, in which lie bas de
ployed all the bribes, aiitl done much other
damage. Tbi* will embarrass Hood's retreat
in that direction very greatly, and will
cost him e ther J, is whota equipage and
supplies or part of his army. lie will lose all
hii- wagons, or must fight to save them; and it
he fights be will suffer a defeat that will be
better to us thau all the wagons in the world.
We bnvo wondered what new victory the
^outbern papets would claim apropos to tbe
fall of Atlarty, Hut they do not even continue
tbe cry that Sherman is just where they want
him. They are filled with crimination and re
crimination over the remodel of General John*
etoo. Johnston's admirers assail Duvis bit
terly, though they see in the removal a certain
benefit to the rebel came. Now, they say,
the government will support the commander of
the Southern army. Give him all that is ne
ees*arv, and all will be well again. Davis, it
is declared, would not help Johnston. On the
other Lard, the Davis organ? the Richmond
Seiiinel ? declares that Johnston was removed
because be would have gone to the Gulf of
Mexico rather than fight. It declare! that "all
the while that Johnston has been retreating
before Sherman he has had an army approach
ing uearer in numbers to that of his adversary
than Lee evor bad when he has won his great
victories."
It appears that the position In front o'f Sher
man Is not considered desirable by the officers
of the rebel armies. It goes begging on
such a lamentably low scale that it hasr even
been refused by Hardee. It is curious to
note how tb? rebel government Indicates its
wishes In regard to the war in the Southwest
by the choice of generals. It kept Brngg in ?o
long as it wanted a general who could keep
out of harm's way tolerably well? but who
would fight on emergency. Bragg carried out
this policy very well down to Cbickamauga.
But Chattanooga caused a change of policy.
Then the rebel government saw that it
was necessary to^ have a general who would
not fight at all, and of course appointed John
ston. Now it sees tho State of Georgia slipping
through it? fingers, and thinks it must fight at
once, nnd setlds Hood, whose instinct is to fight,
though he has not brains enough to know ex
actly wheh to do it.
We ore apparently pretty well done with the
late raid Into Maryland. Now that this raid is
well over, is it not worth while for the govern
ment to consider how probable it is that we
may have a repetition and aggravation of it.
Such movements aro a necessary result of the
present position. A general in the situation
that Lee is now in has not a very extended
choice of operations. If he cannot afford
a straightforward assault to drive his enemy
from the position that cuts his communioa|
tions, he must endeavor to lure or frighten
that enemy away by such advances as the one
lately made against our capital. He has just
tried such an operation, ineffectively in one
way, but quite effectively in another. That is.
b*8 movement was Ineffective as regards
Grant ? it did not draw him from his position.
But the enemy gathered a great deal of plun
der. and barely missed the capture of Washing
ton. In this way the operation was encourag
ingly effective. The causes In which this
movement originated are still in operation.
General Lee dare not assault Grant's lines,
and such advances are his only game. He may
yet play this game too skilfully for the wise
men at Washington, for his lato attempt with
Early's (formerly Iv.veU's) corps, has doubt
less shown him bow he could carry forward
such a movement with a much greater chance
of success.
The Trotbi.e Between the United States?
Government ant? Governor Scvmoi r on* the
Militia Question. ? Our preparations for the
organization of hundred day regiments for im
mediate sArv ce hi'.re been suddenly slopped
by the direction of Governor Seymour, and no
mire men are to be mustered in or sent to
Washington ''until farther orders." Thus, eo
?"ar as there is any danger to Washington citv
j or Maryland trom an early repetition of the
rebel raid, nid so far as such d;rger mieht be
prcvet. tod by well organ'rod militia regiments,
New York State "s out of the fight for the
present. General Sand ford has crono to Waoli
iat'on to consult wiih the War Department on
th'w point, and no more will be done till bis
return.
Jf a consistently oymosen the government
of bViad-'riiitr 0 <! M e f( r any reasonable
Ifi -;"i of t".rn\ he i.< sure to be in the right nt laat,
nnd t?j!^ tw the v< o* Governor Seyinonr
r.ow. He called for i en f< r one hnndrr d days
frrv?c;' when ti e government was eager to get
them op nr.y terms, and announced, apparently
on governm-nt nutfmrty, that such men would
be exempt !icm the draft. Eut the en.eipency
the govemmert thinks is over. It don't be
l'rve in o re^etitirn of the raid. It 5* not >n
stioii a harry to <?et men as it was. and so oul
eon Ph the I'rov.st Marshal wiih an order con
taining one of hi* peculiar decisions that are
certainly wonderful models of arbitrary sto
lidity. lie *a>s plainly that the hundred
d'.ys men will not be exempt from
the dr.*!*.. vul Governor Seymour is
constrained to admit that the Provost
Marshal's decision must be tahen a3 law. for
the simnle re.i?on that the hundred days men
will be within the Marshal's power when the
dr \ft is made.
For a provost marshal, it r.eerns to require a
mm w'rm Va* 'tis mind always made up:who can
at a moment's notice render a distinct decision on
the most knotty questions, and who can, whether
the deris'on be right or wronu, slick to tbem
stubbornly. It seems to us to be a piece of su
perlative impudence for the Congress of tbe
United Statea to make a law on the subject of
conscription, when there is a provost marshal.
Yet Congress did make such a law, and that
law provides what persons are exempt from the
draft; and, In the enumeration of those who are
exempt, it very'clearly includes "all persons
actually in the military or naval service of the
United States at tbe time of tbe draft" Now,
when a man is sworn in for a hundred days be
Is in the service as much as be could bo if
sworn in for ten years. Even this brilliant
Provost Marshal has already decided in favor
of bis department on a question like this. He
says that a man is a man whether in for one
year or three, and that one three years man is
not to be counted as three one year men. In
the same way a man is a man, and bis oath puts
bim In the service whether for a hundred days
or for throe hundred days, and when be is "iu
tbe service" he is not liable to draft. Ret of
course this matter Is to be just as the I'rotost
Marshal pleases.
A Seniors Mistake.? The Trilun e. in a
review of General Grants Virginia campaign,
consoles the military authorities at Washing
ton with tbe idea that there is no danger of
another rebel foray from Richmond on sny
grand scale against Washington, beeasse,
among other things, tbe country "from Rich
mond to the Potomac is a desert, which no
army can traverse except on condition of sup
plying its own food." This is a serious mis
take for a military critic. The late bountiful
wheat harveat of the great and fruitful Shenan
doah valley has just been gathered in, and Lee,
from its abundant supplies, could feed a hun
dred thousand men en route as easily as Ewell
provided for bis command of thirty thousand
from Staunton down to tbe Marvland bordat..
T** Mew I??ljr Tl?? Lait
The great excitement ia Europe at the latest
data* was the publication by the Mining Post,
of London, i'almeraton's offlcial organ and also'
the English organ of Napoleon, of a secret
eorrespondence between tha Courts of Russia,
Austria and Prussia, for tha purpose of effect
ing a new Holy Alliance between those great
Powers, such un ana as bafora defeated and
ruined Napoleon the Great These despatches
were published by tha London journal before
t'e accomplishment of the alliance, and as a
result have stayed this intrigue for tha moment,
it not altogether defeated It. The German and
Russian journals, offlcial and semi-official, deny
the authenticity of tha despatches published,
and state that there is no truth in tha rumor of
an alliance; but tha French and English
journals evidently Judge differently, and con
clude that the premature exposure has saved
E.gland and France from great danger.
Ah regards the despatches, they were most
likely correct In substance if not in form. We
have knowledge of a precisely similar event
which doubtless explains this exposure. We
refer to the publication in 18G0 of a plan to
form an offensive and defensive alliance
between Russia and Austria, which was
defeated in the following manner:? The Em
peror Napoleon, at vast expense, obtains from
all the courts of Europe copies of all import
ant despatches. Parties high in the employ of
the different governments furnish these in some
instances; In others subordinates entrusted with
important documents transmit copies of
them to Napoleon. This is very expensive,
as we stated before, but very convenient, and
bo the system is kept up. In 1800 Napoleon
obtained copies of despatches passing between
St. Petersburg and Vienna, proving that an al
liance was sought between the governments of
Russia and Austria. At that time the London
Jforrilng Chronicle was the Emperor Napoleon's
organ. In this journal be bad the despatches
in que. lion pnblished, altered sufficiently to
save from detection the parties betraying them,
but still giving the substance of the plot. This
untimely, or rather, as regards France, timely
disclosure, put an end to the projected alliance.
Russia denied officially all such iutention: Aus
tin did the same, and the affair ended thus.
We do not doubt that the same course has been
pursued in this instance, and that once again
Napoleon has for the moment cbeekmated his
enemies. He doubtless finds in these results a
fitting return for the vast sums he spends in ob
taining information.
As it is well known that the sovereigns of
Russia, Austria and Prussia met laHv ia con
ference at Kissing**, it must be deemed J)roba.
bio that this affair of the IIolv Alliance was
being arranged, and that even if deferred now,
it may at any moment be consummated, and
Europe be divided into two great hostile
camp". England will have an important voir
to play i? that case. She will have to choo-e
between the two parties-France, representing
"young Europe, ' end the Allies, the despots
anu absolute monarchs. who are at enmity
with tlcir subjects and opposed to progre-a
and reform. France would have Italy on her
side, and she could count upon Hungary and
Poland. W ith England in this latter alliance. I
the balance of power would be in favor of
young Europe. lh<> reverse would cer'aiulv
be the case, however, were England, from
lui red and f \n of \ap aleon. to side with the
Allies. Re that us it miy. Europe is evidently
on ? Wo eve of great and important events,
which will certainly occupy the attention o!
our friends on that side of the Atlantic, to the
exclusion of our allairs. The probabilities are
that .is soon us we once more find ourselves
r< united pe .pie, prepared to enjoy the blow
ings of peace, we sbull see E-irope undergoing
all the calamities and horrors of a general war.
Tm: Financial Elkmknt ik thk Ntwatu
Pkack NKfi.niATmxg.? It was not altogether
for political or party advantages tl a- '.luster
George Sa-ders 1ms been coquetting with Mr.
Amba i-ador Greeley ?,t Niagara Falls. There
wks n oney to be made out of the movement,
supremely ridiculous and absurd as the whole
thing must appear; and behind that there was
the motive of bolstering up the rebel finances
and donrt c" iting our own. Tbi? is evident from
the proposition 'aid to have been sketched out
by the rebel negotiators? via., that the United
States should assume the rebel war debt. The
v cry .suggestion of that idea would be sufficient
to give ral?e to the now wortblees scrip with
which the Southern Stales are inundated, and
to run down, in an -Tartly corresponding ratio
the I n. on securities. And here, besides the
blow aimed at the national credit, was the
opportunity of realizing untold treasures by
Sanders, Tucker and others in the seciet. 1
The other phase given to the same proposi
tion by that profound philosopher and philan
thropist from Colorado, who got so strangely
msxod up with this strange affair, is that both
sections should repudiate their mutual war
debts and introduce the free trade system
This idea was conceived in the same general
view -to create a financial panic by causing
distrust of tbo national cnrrency and securi
ties, thus bankrupting the government and
opoulng up a splendid opportunity for opera
tions in Wall street. Of course no sensible
men would entertain for a moment the possi
bility of either proposition being seriously dis
cussed; but there aie enough of people in the
community who might be humbugged or fright
ened tuto a belief in repudiation, and among
whom the alarm would spread. In that aspect
the negotiation was a cunningly devised scheme
to min our finances, improve those of the
rebels, and allow Sanders A Co. to pocket a
few millions of dollars. We dare say that that
was the uppermost motive In the minds of the
Southern envoys extraordinary, and can only
wonder that philosopher Greeley could not see
through it.
A Lrrri.K Too La tic. ? Since the departure of
the rebels from Maryland, General Augur, In
command at Washington, has had a careful re
connoissancc tn.ide of the camps occupied by
the enemy while they lay within striking dis
tance of the city's northern defences, the ol>
ject being to ascertain the numbers of the bold
invaders. This is the way they do things at
Washington. A reeonnoissance after the ene
my s forces have entiroly disappeared may be
a wise military proceeding; but we incline to
the opinion that it would have been wiser to
have been prepared to make this r*connois
sance while the enemy were on the ground.
A Voica raoi. top DiAD~Ex-Prealdent
Buchanan writing letters urging the nomlna
tlon of Judge Samuel tfelson for President, and
Mr. Vborhees, of Indfona, for Vioe President
at (fee Chicago Contention*
Tin HoRBon* or th* "No Qoabtbb"' 8tb
tkm or Wahtakx.- Every day something rv^w
and startling is added to tie horror* of oi*~
civil war; and humanity shudder* at tbe con- i
temptation of the bloody and atrocious deeds j
committed on both sides by way of retaliation
and under the "no quarter" principle estab
lished in some df the remote districts. By a
sort of mutual understanding between the bush
whackers and Union troops in those places,
whenever they engage in a conflict no mercy is
shown by either party. It is death or nothing;
and tbe report, "no wounded, no prisoners,"
tells a fearful tale of blood and massacre. This
infernal business has been recently recom
menced in Kentucky and Missouri with more
than its original fury and desperation. The
moat inhuman barbarities are committed with
fiend like cruelty and malignity. The wounded
are despatched wherever found; and then
comes the work of retaliation. The halter, the
knife and the revolver are the three great arti
cles of faith at this time in Northern Missouri
and Kentucky, and there seems to be no limit
to tbe extent of the practice of this hellish
creed. Tbe policy of General Rosecrans in
supplying the people of Northern Missouri with
ammunition and firearms, seems, under tbe cir
cumstances, to be a mistaken and an unfortu
nate one. It seems that on a recent expedition
against the guerillas, Colonel Ford, the Union
commauder, was obliged to destroy a consider
able amount of this ammunition to prevent its be
ing used bj tbe disaffected inhabitants against
our own troops. All such treachery is, of
course, promptly punished, and the "work of
devastation goes on until the heart sickens
with the recital of sanguinary deeds. Surely
there must be some way of putting a stop to
these atrocities.
Rain. Rain at Last ? A Day op Spontaneous
Thanksgiving. ? The bountiful and blessed
rains of yesterday made the day one of spon
taneous thanksgiving over a wide extent of
country. The same glad tidings of the pouriag
down of the welcome rain have reached us
from Petersburg in tbe Soutb, from the West,
the North and from away Down East The
plentiful showers of yesterday were worth
millions upon millions of dollars to the
country, and their coming was received by
high and low, rich and poor, by producers and
consumers of bread, with a joy which could
hardly be surpassed by tbe capture of Rich
mond.
From the long succession of these late
murky, smoky, lurid an?? supernatural July
days, the fear began widely to prevail that
many days of such dreadful smokiness and
drought were still before us; and that a gloomy
prospect, blighted crops of corn, potatoes, Ac.,
would probably be revealed to us before
visited by a reviving rain. For many days, as
the -'ancient mariner" describes an imaginary
sky on nn imaginary voyage, we have had this
slrange reality,
Th? bloody sun at in en.
Right up above th? niHgt did stand,
N<> bigger than the moon.
Now ibis fearful phenomenon and all appre
hensions arising from it are at an end. The
fires in the wooda far and near which had filled
the skies with Binoke are extinguished. Our
autuuial crops are saved. These glorious out
pourings from tlio clouds are in time. Let the
people give thanks to the bountiful Giver of
all good fiud rejoice.
Rkpi'BUCan Committee at Saratoga. ? The
National Republican Committee appointed at
Baltimore, and the State Central Republican
Committee of this State are to meet at Sara
toga Springs to-morrow, the 27th. They go
there to pull the wires for Old Abe, settle the
little and big fights in the party of this State,
drink bad whiskey and gulp down Congress
water to elear the bile out of their stomachs.
If they expect that the water at Saratoga
Springs will cleanse their party of its impuri
ties and revive its hopes and invigorate it,
they will find themselves most grandly disap
pointed. It will take something stronger than
Congress water to do that. There is not
enough salts and calomel combined on this
h de of the Atlantic to cleanse the party.
Gknkkai. McPhkrson. ? Wfccn Mcl'herson fell
tho country sustained a greater loss than mist
persons are aware. McPherson was a brilliant
soldier. Those who know him best expected
great things of hiin. Had ho lived he would
have ranked with Grant, McClellan and Sher
man? among the greatest generals of the age.
He was to Sherman's army what Sedgwick waa
to Meade's. Tho record be leaves behind him
is as bright as that of any general in our ranks.
Prisimxtiai. Prostkcts. ? Mr. Lincoln ad
dressed his communication to Sander* A Co.,
"To whom it may concern." Well, it concerns
everybody, and has pealed Lincoln's fate in the
coming Presidential campaign. Tbe people
have never before boen officially informed that
the abolition of slavery will be insisted upon
as a n? \>l\m vltra in the terms of peace, and
tbey are by no meana pleased with tbe idea.
Hiohwatmen.? We call tbe attention of the
police to the condition of Roosevelt, Cherry
and other such streets, wbich are regnlarly
infested by ganga of footpada. Men are
knocked down and robbed there avery night
Shall we revive that antiquated query? Where
are the police?
Grkri.et on the Niaoaha Falls Tbleoba?
Reports. ? Greeley stated in yesterday's TW
bune that ail tbe reports, telegraphic and other
wise, to tbe effect that he said anything to
Sanders reflecting upen the President aro
false. Does Mr. Greeley deny that be stated
to Sanders, as he (Greeley) was about leaving
the Clifton House for the Amerloan side, on
Wednesday last, "This is not the end of this
affair. You must not tbink that all the repub
lican party are blackguards?"
Estimate or Lofttm ht the Late Rkpki.
Raid. ? The excitement attending the late rebel
raid into Maryland liuviug been entirely allay
ed, and the cunfusiou Into which matters in that
region visited were thrown having been j
smoothed down by the lapso of time and the
withdrawal of the marauder*, we can look
around and estimate the extent of damage com
mitted by the invaders. From carefully prepared
statement* from our correspondents. which ap
pears in another column. It will be soon that
It is estimated that tbe entire loss will not
much exceed two miUlons of dollars. Of this
amount tb? Philadelphia, Wilmington and Bal
timore Railroad sivfrered to tho extent of some
thing oyer one hundred thousand dollars; the
Northern Central to about the sstne amount; |
tbe Baltlmove and Ohio bad seven bridges and
font miles/of traok and several station bouses
V ' " ' " 1 1 ' *T '* i
destroyed; telegraph companies were damaged
to the amount of three or four thousand dollars;
the Chesapeake and Ohio caual bad the aque
duct at Antletam destroyed, and all the locks
between Antletam and Williamsport demolwb'
ed|- with between twenty and thirty boat*.
The county losses are estimated as follow h: ?
Harfo.rd county, $15 000; Baltimore county,
$42,OOt>1; Carroll county, $10,000; Frederick
county, $372,000, including $200,000 ran
som money; Washington county, $85,000,
and the twilanoe was lost by fai iuera,
storekeepers and others, in damage to farms,
the pillaging of ehops, runni g off catHn,
horses, A;. It is but right and proper that
the sufferers by ibis raid should be indemnified
for tbeir losses; and the best, surest and uioet
speedy way of getting tL* funds therefor is to
assess the rebel sympathizers in Maryland for
?the amount required. These domestic traitors
should consider tbemselrea fortunate if tb**y
get off so easily, for tbeir complicity with th?
rebel invaders merits a much severer punish
ment.
Lincoln Alons.? Neither the Tribune nor
Times go with Mr. Linco'n in insisting upea
the abolition of slavery as one of tbe terms at
reunion. Tbe Tribune is silent, and tbe Tivtfis
rebukes Lincoln as bitterly as it dares. Mr.
Llnooln has gone just a little too far in his
ultimatum and baa disgusted everybody. Ons
would suppose that he bad entered into aa
agreement with Vallandigbam to build up tbe
peace party; for certainly be has never before
issued a manifesto so calculated to accomplish
that result.
Tub Rain.? Parsons have beea praying for
rain; farmers have been swoarin* for raiaf
despondent people bave been predicting a
famine on account of tbe want of rain, and
now we have had rain and plenty of it. The
rain is very welcome on more accounts than
one. It revives the army and revives theerope
that are to feed the army. It will bring down
the prices of garden truck and vegetables, we
hope. It will put up tbe prices of umbrellas
beyond a doubt. Let it keep on racing. Any
amount of rain will be popular except a reign
of terror. '
Jkff. Davis' Ultimatum. ? In bis interview
wLh E'lmund Kirke Gil more the rebol chief is
said to bave declared that tbe independence of
tbe South was bis ultimatum. In this Jeff.
Davis represents the wishes of the majority at
the Southern people about a? truly as Lincoln
represents the wishes of tbe Northern people
t when he makes the abolition of slavery one of
the terms of bis ultimatum. Spite of the poli
ticians on both sides tbe people of both sec
tions will yet get together in the Union.
Mmlcal.
ITALIAN OPERA.
The coming operatic feason will doubtless bo uncsnaHy
brlll'ant. Mr. Mar elzek In* enjtaited new artlMS, unit
will produce several new operas as \?ell as some f*vorte
works not given here fur naauv years. Ho will )i re ia
unusui! v lars'e and eflectv* chorus ?e vre'l as or'-b'-etra,
and will be evou m'>ro liber.nl tb <n hitherto m the rick,
nose of the mu? en teene. Ifi consideration of thi above
facts tbe prices or seats at the Ac.itemv of Musi'- must
be increased to meet the vastly augmented ex; crises ef
?n operatic season. It must bo borne In mind, however,
that even with the contemplated Increase nf pneo, our
public will have the on ' ymeot of ot?*r* ?U hair the ooet
or this entertainment in I'urupe, wa>re entorj r.??*
this kind are subslfli/ert br the (io?rrntn"">i?. T he fttt
season wl'l comracr.eo In October. V\h rsfntlo frota re
pent infr the rumors afloat s re/aris Maretiek'a plane,
Inasmuch as he b:m n"t as vet *nn?u need them. and all
st'it -menis made are limply oonjeotMPS. One it 'r.^ ?re
are aaRii'ed of, howevci , ri < , ?lns will he apareg hy the
imprcssario to render th s scaMa uuuaualtv attractive.
Q!.t:VAN or-RA.
Mr. I.eonard Grove-, the outer pi lain* Wii',hiri?.t'in inaa
accr. his take-i this entei t:i; .mer' tn ilnr..e, :<nd op ts
the present time m >*t ?oeoesstult?. In He ?ember the
German opera trou'o will cotMjpepce a se uboo in New
York at the cudemv of The troupe hap tv-ea
strengthened ai d lias avert efllc ent eh' rus 'oio fh^etra
We understand t h <t Vr. firmer will jj ' * " German ot>era
thr ugnout tho West alter Hi.' close ol ins fail i-tii oti la
New York
FSOII^ft OfBllA.
The season of Fngli b oj er i at the Olympic is sucv?
fully progre'Sit.ft. To rrnrrow night .Ulfe'a eti rr.,.n|
o;ora, 1 he Ko-e <?f Pa1 tilo, wilt beg v?>i for th fir?l tioM
In this country. Thl? opera Is b ,:hlr *pofcnn of hy the
1/mdon critic*. Mme Com e Tto? ctnrrt M paT.o i ss Mv?-|
and Me.??rs. Caa"? .nd Campbell, the loading *rtl*n ia
tiii< tronpe. have he "n" cr -.1 lnv r!'i ? Ith the : ublio,
ar..l will doiibtl' *- tnrreasM their po^.u! irity by their per
formance of tlii? nr>w opera.
Cawvrkll's MiirwtJi - The p?*op-ioi"r of this t rn?pe
writes to tbe etlect that he did i ol attend the Ceng rose ol
theatrical insnaiers, and due- : ?t i . end to raise bit
jriios. Tbo propriot r is a senstbTo tr.an. IT'S mtns'rei
hall in the Bowery I- e.ro?ded every ? ljht. tnd he
an exiellont enter'alnment Si l"::e a- he rootlnue.s la
this wav , and nv i is all man renai C"mbiCitlo .1 a.%lnsl
the public, bo will deserve and epicure euce^SS.
NEWS F33M F3JUR?SS M0N33E.
FORTHK^S M'J<CHOK, July 33, is rri.
The (Is* of true? hmt C. W. Tbomse. Cant. t>oi*>e, ?p>
r'ved her# from Aiken's landing last eromng, I- chargs
of Msjor Mulford.
Hh? brought neither new* nor pas*en er*.
Hon. Fecretary Sew trd lefl her* last evening for City
Point Mod Bermuda flundrsd, on the steamer City of
nadMon.
Tlis iitnimr Cumbria, Capt. Hlancbard, arrived to day,
front New Orient* 16th lad., with m"St of the Thir
teenth C-nnnoctlcit regiment, whose time ha* expired.
They are going home on furlough, luring re-enlutod Car
tba war.
Fobtrdh Mow wot, July 24, 1M4.
The United State* transport steamer Cumbria. Captsii
A. Wanchard, arrived here yestsrday afternoon fmas
New Orleans, having on board betweea four and In
hundred men of the Thlrtsesth Connecticut TolunUw
who rssollitsd for another term. Captain Blanchard
left the Crescent city on the l(th mat., and report* tfce
health oT the troops and plaoe as first rat*. Nothing
new had transpired. The Cumbria left last night Mr
New York.
Rata at B?st<m.
Dosros, July St. 1IWS> ?
A welcome rain commenced at noon, and conusant
failing steadily this evening.
News from rape Ham.
nr. Mm, N. F., Jnljr 9S, 1M*
A fog came In Just as the steamship Asia. from IV># -om
fnr I.lvsrpool, was due off Cape kace^ and she wan m|
seen.
The ateamehlp United Kingdom, frcna Olssfow m t
bee. passed Caps Itscs at one o'oloek Pnmay w aralng ,
but was not boarded.
At len o'cln.k Ibis morning the wwattor ths naps
was tbM'k. Thermometer eerenty.
Knar Persona Brewne'% ,
I'soviokncs, R. I, Ji 1 2jt
t- our psruon* were drowned in Newport i r 7Mter
day hy ths upsetting of a host.
rrrtonal fntelllge t ft,
CnlOSSl J, W. lufer, < lusf of Hteff ' Major (Isneral
Pntler, aim M '>r 'oh'. I Mul'ord. V <*j?t*M Aftent for
Ullurge. v?>< r? t iWSUgTS Oil \Y* .iei> tier (outalSMk
from lorirssaH't o* Is UalllSMTS,. os ti e 34th net
t;?n?i ai thetlsy til etftff ar'ir ?t m tb ? city last
eve nifli from Nov'nMi, ^ a <!*./ >rg| Stepley c ??* te
Mains on leenty da* I' leu*# ut atxrrre, t,i v.rlt hie
family? the tlrav leave he haa U | niece 11*11.
Lioutenaiit 1'. ' *t:r?' ?. o' th% Ituti'ired nrd Hilly
ulnlh New York voluntsefS, h# < reMcoed on sccoont sf
lli? hoelth, which ha? broken ' ,??n un.ior the severities
of the service, with wh>eb V has In-en connected for a
period of two years.
General .1. W isrovsr ,%/of Kansas, Is stopping at tk*
Mstropoiitan Hotel.
Colonel Alonio Aldln 'of ths "ne lfnndred and Klst/
nlnth Nsw York, and t olonel Thomas D. Johns, of lb*
Seventh Mi*ina*au?etr t Volunteers, are slopping at ths
AStor Hones.
M. Harboss. Brav' lUn Minister to Us United ???? M