The latest hews from the camps on the James
river is up to Friday night, and reports no fresh
morements.
| The President has issued a proclamation, in pur
suance of the sixth section of the act of Congress
entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to pun.
ish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for
other purposes," warning all persons
to cease participating in aiding, counte
nancing or abetting the existing rebellion, or any
rebellion, against the government of the United
States, and to return to their proper allegiance to
the United States, on pain of the forfeitures and
gMzures as by said sixth section provided.
: The call of Governor Gamble, of Missouri, for
the militia to turn out and protect themselves
against the rebel gnerillai, has created quite
a sensation in St. Louis among those
residents who, it appears, consider themselves
entitled to the protection of the British flag.
There was somewhat of a tow about the English
Consnl's office there on Thursday. Several loyal and
patriotic citisens, it seems, objected to parties
arho had shared the prosperity of the city for oo
in time of peace, deserting it in time of war
and anticipated danger, and consequently there
sraa a good deal of trouble, almost amounting to a
actions riot, while those persons were seeking to
obtain their protection papers.
The extracts which we give from the Richmond
papers throw considerable light on the state of
aflhirs in the Sonth. Desertions from the army are
complained of aa frequent and demoralizing. We
Wre told, too, by tjie Richmond Examiner, that
there is a lasting stigma left by this war on the
character of the South, and that it ia " the almost
nnlversal rage in the South of the vile lusts of ava
rice and extortion, in which native Southern mer
chants have outdone Yankees and Jews, and have
Dot only defiled themselves, but inflicted s burning
disgrace upon the nation, prostituted a noble war
to the most infamous purposes, and blackened
their country in the eyes of the world. The whole
South." it says, "stinks with the lust of extortion.
The extent to jrhich It prevails in this city is enor
mous and shameless; trade is reduced to a devil
ish art to make money out of the distresses of
immunity; and. that hypocrisy may be added to
other diabolical accomplishments."
? To judge from the tone of the Tennessee papers,
It would appear tliat the rebels expect to make
considerable progress in the middle part of that
piste, and that Generals Buell and Nitchel are
fthont to be vigorously attacked. Despatches
from Cairo yesterday, moreover, state that the
Steamer Evansvflle, from the Tennessee river.
Strings the newB of a rebel raid at Florence, Ala.,
on Tuesday last. The rebels, it is said, entered
the city and burned all the warehouses used
for our commissary and quartermaster stores,
and all the cotton in the vicinity. They
Also seized the United States steamer Colonna,
Used for conveying army supplies over the shoals.
They took all the money belonging to the boat
and passengers, and then burned her. A small
detachment of General Mitchel's army was cap
tured. The rebels then proceeded down the Ten
*i -<see river to Chickasaw, Waterloo and the vi
cinity of Bastport, and borncd all the warehouses
whi' h contained cotton. Another band of forty
rebels attacked a wagon train near Pittsburg
Landing, and raptured sixty wagons conveying
commissary and quartermaster stores.
f MISCELLAHEOTTS WEWS.
The steamships Great Eastern, New York and
Borusaia, which sailed from this port yesterday for
Europe, carried out a large number of both cabin
end steerage passengers, beside* nearly a million
end a half in treasure. The Great Eastern left her
anchorage at Flushing Bay under the most fuvorable
circumstances. The heavy baggage and the steer
Age passengers Were conveyed to the big ship by
the tug Red Jacket on Friday afternoon, and the
rabin passengers w<we taken by the same tug yes
terday morning from Whitehall. The passenger
list by the Great Eastern includes three hundred
and seventy steerage and about two hundred cabin
assengem, among whom are Lonia R. Minot, the
?dscape artist; Rev. Elam Foster, and travellers
n almost every State in the Union, including
issippi. A large number of Englishmen and
al Canadians are also on board. She took
rht thousand tons of freight, chiefly bread
Court of Special Session*, during ttie last.
? cases brought, before Justices Brennan,
Steers averaged about forty each day.
ty of these were for assault and bntte
f larceny tfmall floes ranging In
?hi mist from throe to teu <!altar*, were inflicted,
and tli" prisoner* released, with a caution to pre
serve peace in luttire. Those convicted of
petty larceny were sent to the City Prison for short
t rms.
Yesterday Judge Betta granted an order to sell
the prize schooner Albert, pending the proceed
ings tor her condemnation.
Gold w.is ra Ujr bigb t yesterday. Tiiere were sal**
at 11T\, but iu the aflcrn on 117)^ was the best bid.
Exchange closed about 129 a 130 Stocks were general
ly from '4 to ,q per cent lower Money was easy at 4 a
6 per cent. Tbe bullion export of the day was $1,434,
&16.
The cotton market yesterday was again Irregu'ar
and sales limited. Large holders in most Instances
withdraw thekr supplies from tbe market, while pur
chasers only operated as they could pick np small
'? uecossity lots" at a smart concession in pricss, gene
rally withiu the range of 44c. a 43c. f r middling up
lands. The transactions in small parcels footed up
about 130 bales. Flour, In consequence of higher rates
of sterling exchange, advanced about 5c per bb).,wtth
moderate sales. Wheat was lirmer, and lc. a 2c high
er, while sslet were aciive. Corn improved le. per
bushel, and was tolsrably active, the sales including
sound and prima old Was tarn mixed at 30c. a 57c
Pork was unchanged, while the demand was fair. The
sales embraced mess at $10 75 a $10 87>f, with some
heavy barrels reported at $1L, and prime at $8 75 a $9
Lard was firm and active. Sugars were In great de
mand and prices firm, with sales of 2,500 a 3,000 bhda.
and 380 boxes. Coffee was quiet, but Arm. Freights
were stiff, with a fair amount of engagements, at ua
changed retee.
Our Civil War sad Ilea Development of
Military Taleat.
It has been frequently observed that hitherto
the war has produced no very high order of
military talent?no man who. like Saul among
his brethren, towers a bead and shoulders above
all others, and of whom the government and
the country can say with confidence, "That is
the man to lead our armies to victory." There
is much truth in this observation. McClellan
baa exhibited great prudence, caution and or.
ganizing power. But Halleck is the only man
who has displayed much comprehensiveness.
In the Southwest, away from the malign
influence of Washington, he has been success
ful. What he will efTect in bis new and diffi
cult position remains to be seen. Several
generals have shown ability on a narrow scale
and as leaders of small bodies of men. But as
yet no overshadowing strategist has loomed np
who can plan and execute great and decisive
battles, by giving the enemy checkmate; nor
have grand tactics on the battle field received
any signal illustration from any of our generals
in the present war. What General McClellan
is capable of doing, or may do hereafter in the
field, we have no other means of forming a
judgment than in the splendid handling of his
army in the seven days' fighting on the Chicka
hominy. In Western Virginia he made a
brilliant beginning, and his antecedents are
highly favorable to him; but there he was un.
trammelled by politicians. Since that time, in
Eastern Virginia, he has not had fair play. His
excellent army was divided and diminished, and
In the recent battles before Richmond he was
served by co-operating generals as Napoleon
was served by Grouchy in the battle of Water
loo, and as McDowell was served by Patterson
in the battle of Manassas. Grouchy permitted
Blucber to reinforce Wellington, but did not
come himself. Patterson suffered Johnston to
reinforce Beauregard, and was now est inventus.
And Fremont and McDowell allowed Jackson
to slip through th?ir fingers and assa'l the rear
and flank of MctllelUn's army, whilst they
never appeared on lu.- scene at all, though the
battles continued for seven days. On the
whole, it must be confessed that the South, so
far, has outstripped the North in generalship;
and the reason is that the whole talent and edu
cation of the Southern States bare gone soul"
and body into the war.
Vet it cannot be doubted thai in the Union
army, and even among civilians at the North
who have not hitherto entered the service, there
is an abundance of military talent, which only
requires to be brought out by time and cir.
cuinstancea. At the North talent is attracted
to business pursuits more than to the profes
sions or to statesmanship. It is different at the
South. Our nary has exhibited splendid abili
ties. as it always will <*>. But it must be re
collected that we have never had a standing
army of any account, and never any protracted
war since we became a nation, and that we
hare cultivated the arts of peace instead of the
art of war. being too strong to be attacked by
other nations, and too prosperous and possessed
of too much territory of our own to covet the
soil of our neighbors or wuge wars of conquest.
But a change has come over the spirit of our
dream. Civil war has broken out. and if it
should be prolonged tbe most brilliant gene
ralship will assuredly be developed.
1 he Romans had almost always able gene
rals. because they were always at war; and in
the last days of the republic there was a galaxy
of military genius, including Octaviunu*. An
tony. Marias, Tulln, Pompey and Ctesar. In
the history of England the case is different At
the time of her civil war, which commenced in
the reign of Charles I., the caimliers defeated
the roundheads at first, and it took nine years
to produce a general who turned the tide of
-uccesB, trained and disciplined an army which
never lost a battle, and finally overthrew mo
narchy and rendered the commonwealth tri
umphant. That was the renowned Oliver
Cromwell. In the wars which attended nnd
followed the French Revolution the armies of
'he republic were frequently defeated, owing
to had or Indifferent generalship, and It took
four years to bring forth a young general upon
whose banners victory never failed to perch,
ft is true that in lcDJ Najioleon di*t.ii)guiahod
himself at the siege ?f Toulon as a captain of
artillery, and in the following year still more
us a brigadier general, by tlie quelling of "the
Sections'' in Paris: but It was not till the open
ing ol his first Italian campaign, in 17so!. that
l;e gave promise of great generalabip, though
the Frctteh government, had the sagacity to re
cognize in the Corsican youth the future lender
of its all conquering armies. The republic was
in imminent danger, and seniority and mediocrity
were not permitted to outrank youth and genius.
Appointed to the command of the Armv of
Italy, with 3o,000 half atarved, half naked
tr-?op? Bonaparte surprised and defeated #0,000
Austrians and Sardinians. The first battle in
which he had the supreme command was at Mon
tenotte, and heDce he afterwards said proudly to
the Emperor of Austria, when be sought his
daughter in marriage, " My title of nobility
dates from the battle of Montenotte." By this
decisive campaign, in which he smote the ablest
generals of Austria with the rapidity end tbe
force of tbe whirlwind and the thunderbolt, he
broke up the Austrian and Sardinian alliance
and won a reputation which henceforth grew
bHghter and brighter unto the perfect day.
As it has been in England and France, so
here in America tbe Northern arms have here
tofore been defeated in several battl*. tbouab
uone of them decisive. lu energy and vigor
we have been excelled by Southern annie*
lighting on the r owu soil; but we are us
yet only in the beginning of our mili
tary career, and neither the strength nor
the talent of the Northern States has been
put forth, lu population, relatively to the
strength of the enemy, in intelligence and
in resources, we vastly excel. But the
war hitherto has been sadly mismanaged by the
interference of politicians and civilians, who
ore ignorant of military affairs. The total ab
sence of talent, or public virtue, or statesman
ship, in Congress, is one of the most singular
phenomena of this age, and accounts in it great
degree for the want of taleut or military skill
in most of our generals. Heretofore there Las
been no government and no policy. The peo
ple took care of themselves, and the machinery
kept moving by the original Impetus given it
by the fathers of the Revolution. The sole ob
ject of party leaders and the goal of their am.
bition was the public plunder, and the whole
functions of government seemed to consist in
nothing more than in making arrangements
about the spoils of office, and the amount of
success was measured by the amount of gene
ral satisfaction which the distribution gave.
Hence, now, in the national troubles which have
so suddenly beset us, we look in vain for states
men to save the ship. The only public man
who has shown any marked ability or states
manship since the war was inaugurated is Mr.
Seward, who has averted from us foreign inter
vention and a European war, and whose do
mestic policy is about to prevail in the Cabinet
and in the political conduct of future cam
paigns. Henceforth the war will be carried on
under different auspices and on different princi
ples, and the nation may expect to see the
military genius of the eountry fully developed,
and brilliant warriors revealed to the rapturous
gaze of the people, the halls of Congress no
more disgraced by the dregs of the community
which found their way there, and a new order
of statesmen appe4ring in both houses of the
national legislature. Behold old things will
pass away, and all things will become new.
The Kelt State Election.
Later developments corroborate our Al
bany despatch published in Thursday's
Hbkai.d, in reference to important poli
tical combinations for the approaching
election, find make the facts there stated
of more importance and of greater magni
tude than we then supposed. It touched upou
high grounds, and opens a new feature in the
politics of the State. It presents a view of mat
tere which probably would be considered ab
surd except iu revolutionary times like the pre
sent. The sweeping changes that the rebellion
and the war have made in this country, in social,
financial, commercial and political circles, have
placed the public mind in a revolutionary con.
dition as far as future political events are
concerned. Politics and politicians are viewed
from altogether different standpoints than on
former occasions. Heretofore our political af.
fairs have been almost entirely controlled by
cliques, factions and leagues, working upon the
public through committees and conventions,
and through those mediums promulgating
wordy party addresses and high-sounding reso
lutions as platforms, upon which they placed
their candidates and rallied the voters, not for
the candidates, but for the platforms. Thus, in
1856, we were told that the Cincinnati plat
form, and not Buohanan's personal ability and
merit, was before the people for their endorse
ment; and in 1860 it was the Chicago platform,
and not Lincoln's personal ability, that was
running.
The system long in vogue, of sinking the men
into platforms?electing this or that man because
be stood upon a certain platform?is one o
the great causes of our troubles, and has
placed third and fHXb rate men in our national
Congress. Tim revolutionary wave that the re
bellion has caused to sweep over the country
has abolished all this. Party addresses, resolu
tions and platforms no longer carry any weight
with them: the public ace now looking for
representative men. not wordy resolves. They
turn from the meaningless platforms of parties
to men of mark, and upon them centre their
hopes for the fnture. The movement. therefore,
to combine the names of two such representa
tive men as Gen. Pix for Governor and IV m. II
><-ward for United States Senator, in opposition
to the infernal republicans, answers to this great
change in the public mind, and touches a chord
that meets with a hearty response from all con
servative men. These men have labored in the
ranks of opposite parties in the past; but since
the commencement of our national troubles
they have both risen above party, and sunk
ever}- consideration in the service of tWr coun
try They are therefore representative men,
and occupy a position before the country that
but few men have been able to reach.
Since the days of the American Revolution
this State has furnished but three really great
men who are fully entitled to that, significance
nbove all others. These men are Pe Witt Clin
ton, Martin Van Huron and William H. Seward.
I>c Witt Clinton possessed an original mind, that
Ptood out in bold relief from all others, and
early placed him in the front ranks of the
statesmen of his day, and secured for Mm a
proud position in this State. Van Huron was a
statesman of enlarged views, and rose
above party, although he used party
u, accomplish his ends, while Seward s
greatn. sfl I** been fully shown in his action in
tbe Cabinet in defining and defending our
foreign and domestic policy of the war. There
Is not a word or a line to be found in the docu
ments of bis department in width he has yielded
to party. Standing aloof from the entangle
ment of factions and parties, lie has considered
tlio great questions before him only as an
American. His talents enabling him to rise
above the feuds around him. each question has
Ween considered in the light of a statesman
who comprehended tbe length and breadth of
country and all its varied interests. lite
diplomatic correspondence is therefore one of
the proudest features of the war, and ha* be
come the policy of the administration. While
Seward's career in tbe Cabinet bas made him a
representative man of the times, General Pix
has attained a high position in the army. Success
bas attended every effort both at Dnltiraore and
Fortress Monroe. Conservative and firm in his
course, he bas met and settled each difficult
question that has arisen in hi. department, and
that, too, without any unnecessary fuss or special
edicts from tbe departments at Washington. In
a movement, therefore, In which are combined
the names of Dix for Governor and Seward for
Senator, the demand of the public for repre
aentative men is Hilly met, ?id their names are
*11 the platform needed W? repeat it: the
oubllc mWd ?fcnrtvobHiowu comUtlyn. Old
party tie* mid view* have passed away. Men
of talent, and not party resolution*), are now
asked for; and the combination of l>ix for Gov
ernor and Seward for Senator is tlie fiiet
response that we have seen to this clinnge of
atl'uirs. Already it has caused an intense alarm
in the camp of the infernal republicans, and
is meeting with a hearty response from aU
Union loving men. Let the ball roll on, and the
world will soon sou that we have not studied
tbe lessons of the war in vain.
Tlae Remarkable Patriotism of Govern
ment Contractors.
Times change, and men change with them.
There are now but twenty-five Revolutionary
patriots left in the country; but as they dis
appear a new order of men spring up to take
their places. Once upon a time it usod to be
considered the duty of a patriot to make every
efiort and sacrifice for his country. Now, how
ever, the enlarged intelligence of the nineteenth
century has changed all this, and he is the
purest patriot who can make the most money
out of his government in the shortest space of
time. We find our most illustrious examples of
perfect patriotism and exemplary virtue, there
fore, in our government contractors. The re.
ports of our investigating committees are the
annals of our most distinguished men, whose
names will shine brightest in the history
of this war. In this view of the case,
the embryo contractors who design to
make themselves patriots out of tbe
equipment and supplies of the new army of
three hundred thousand men recently called
for by the President will find much to admire
and emulate in the cases cited by the Contract
Investigating Committee of the House, in its
second or supplementary report, just published
In regard to the purchase and charter of
ships, for example, the committee have dis
covered countless modes and instances of pa
triotism. They bring before the bar of public
opinion tbe patriotic George D. Morgan, with
his two and a half per cent commission, and
the numberless middlemen or shipbroker pa*
triots of whom he is the type. Prominent
among these is Mr. Russell Sturgis, of this city?
a patriot who managed to receive commissions
both from the government and the men whose
ships he purchased for the government. Mr
John Tucker, a patriot of Pennsylvania, having
been appointed "General Transport Agent for
the War Department," purchased two vessels
which had previously been rejected by a gov
ernment officer, and paid their owner, Mr.
Marshall O. Roberts, eighty-nine thousand
dollars more than their actual cost. These
boats were loaded with provisions and
troops and sent to Port Royal. One
of them foundered and sunk on her first
voyage, her cargo being a total loss. The
other ship reached port after throwing much
of her freight overboard, and was immediately
condemned by a survey as useless. The steam
er Governor was purchased by the agents of
the War Department after having been con
demned by the Navy Department, and sunk on
her first voyage, her cargo being lost and her
crew only escaping a watery grave by the skill
and energy of Captain Ringgold, of the frigate
Sabine. Are not the men who sold and the
brokers who bought these ships for the govern
ment to be honored and esteemed as patriots?
In the New England Department Mr. Paul R.
George chartered the ships for the Ship Island
expedition. This patriot was surrounded by
favorites, whose influence bad to be purchased.
In some instances one sum of money was re
ceived by the owner of a vessel, while another
and much larger sum was named in the char,
tor, paid by the government and received by
the government agent. Is there no patriotism
in snch dealings? In this and all other
departments ships mere chartered at heavy
prices, and allowed to lie idle while under
pay. The steamer Constitution, chartered in
Boston, earned her patriotic owners $135,000
before sailing, simply by lying idle at
tho wharf. Other chartered vessels earned
more than their value before leaving the
dock. The committee might have added that,
by some similar patriotic arrangement, the
small vessels, receiving $250 a day, have
always been loaded and unloaded find, while
the large vessels, receiving $2,500 a day, have
been left for weeks untouched. C. S. Bushucll,
the very distinguished patriot who sold the
Stars and Stripes to Morgan for $34,000 more
than she cost to build, was immediately taken
to Morgan's bosom, and was his agent for the
purchase of the Varuna. Mr. Bushnell bought
the Varuna, unfinished, for $110,000; hud her
completed at a government shipyard without
any expense to himself, and then sold her to the
government for $135,000?clearing $25,000 by
the transaction?besbbvs making the govern
ment pay twico for completing the vessel.
Turn from the sea to the land, and we find
records of the suine patriotism. Mr. Thomas
A. Scott, an official patriot, was employed to
superintend the government rail load transpor
tation; and at the same time he was vice presi.
dent of a railroad company over whose line
most of the transportation came. How could
Mr. Scott consult the best interests of both tho
government and his railroad? He patriotically
fixed a tariff of charges for government trans
portation at least one-third higher than the
prices paid by private individuals. The con
sequence was that Mr. Scott's railroad increased
its profits about forty per cent, and the national
treasury proportionately suffered. Is there no
patriotism in this
But these matters of transportation are Insig
nificant when compared with the patriotism dis
played in procuring supplies for (be govern
ment. General Fremont, a military patriot,
sent Major Corwlne to Cincinnati?though Cin
cinnati was not in Fremont's department?to
raise an army. That appointment gave birth
to numerous cob tract patriot*. A Mr. Reeside
charged $22,000 foi commissions in purchasing
horses, and Captain Deri, a brother-in-law of
Major Corwine. added from six to seven per
rent to the coat of fitting out two regiments as
his profit on the affair. At St. Louis, General
Fremont made an agreement with Mr. Beard, a
patriot of California, to build fortifications, and
paid Beard $85,000 within eight days after, and
before any oonti act was drawn up and signed.
Mr. Beard cleared $100,000 profit in two months
and seven days as a reward for bis patriotism.
In Colorado Territory the patriotic Gover
nor Gilpin became frantic for fear that
somebody would attack bim; went to
work organizing and eqnipping forces
for his protection, and wasted immense
amounts of money. It is consoling to know
that the Governor's cousin and the Governor's
(Vicnds grew rich upon this patriotic but unne
cessary and unauthorized expenditure. In
Chicago and Cairo innumerable contract patri
ots w<>ra 4^overod. In the Wast, officers of
regiments negotiated with officers of railroads,
and received bonuses to have their troops go
over certain lines. In the East, generals aro
accused of patriotically taxing the sutlers one
hundred dollars a month to pay fur the gene
ral's "wine, segars, and such things." Whether
at Chicago, Indianapolis, Cincinnati, St. Louis
or in 1'ennaylvania, the government was pa
triotically served in the purchase of horses.
Blind, swenied, stiff-shouldered, curved-legged,
split-hoofed, defornied-backed, stiff-necked,
stoven-shouidered, glandered, distempered (
ringboned, wind-broken, big-kneed horses wero
foisted upon the government at extravagant
and patriotic prices, while often the government
repurchased its own horses; and in Missouri
the government stock was scattered about the
country, patriotically used by everybody and
cared for by nobody.
Such are a few of the instances of patriotism
displayed by government contractors and re
corded in a single report of a single committee.
Judge, then, how many patriots this country
would proudly claim if the whole truth in
regard to contracts were known. We beg
leave to respectfully suggest to the President
that these contract patriots should not be
allowed to remain rewarded only by their filthy
lucre, their approving consciences and the
applause of their fellow dtizens, but tbat each
of them should be provided with lodgings in
one of our national castles, at the expense of a
grateful government; and that Secretary
Stanton, who now has plenty of time to write,
be duly authorized to furnish each one of them
with a pass to the accommodations aforesaid.
Increase in thb Gold Crop.?The re
cords of. the past establish the fact that
whenever any particular product of the
?oil rises in value immediate attention is
paid to raising that particular article. Cot
ton is now selling for a high figure, and
there is great demand for it. We conse"
quently receive intelligence from different parts
of the world that a large amount is being raised,
and that the amount tbat will be produced this
year, outside of the Southern States, will be enor
mously large, and thus in a measure supply the
demand. The same is true with all classes of
grain. Whenever wheat rises to a high figure
the farmers turu their farms as far as possible
into wheatflelds, and soon bring about a sur
plus and a rapid decline in price!.
The same rule that applies to cotton and
breadstuffs is now being applied to gold. The
precious metal rose in the Atlantic cities to a high
premium, and immediately the telegraph which
now stretches across the continent to the gold
fields of California bore the intelligence of that
fact to tbat region, and at once efforts were
made to ship all the gold coin, bullion and dus*
to the Atlantic, to take advantage of this pre
mium. The result we hare already seen in in
creased shipments ef gold. We now learn that
the government has sent a million or more of
United States Treasury notes to California for
circulation there. This will take the place of
the metal in circulation, when it will seek the
market here, where it commands a premium.
The rise in gold is likewise stimulating mining,
and the result will be that our California ship'
ments will be-larger than erer, and giro us gold
in abundance; gold will rapidly decline, and
somebody will get his fingers badly burned.
If it is thoee who hare been instrumental in
getting up the panic, nobody will shed any
tears. That the bottom of this gold speculation
is fast falling out is apparent to any observer
of events.
How to Render tub New Recruits Imme.
ihatklv Availabtjc.?Nothing is more urgent
and desirable at the present moment than to
increase the number of our troops in the field
to a formidable extent. It is taie recruiting is
actively going on; but it will require some time
before the new recruits will be available on
the plan at present pursued. That plan con
sists in forming entire new regiments, in which
both officers and men will be uew and inexpe.
rieaced. Such regiments of untried officers and
men it is evident eould not be led into battle at
once with any chance of success; and yet it is
desirablo that no time should be lost. Now, it
appears to us?and we suggest the idea to the
Commander-in-Chief', or other proper authori.
ty?that the right course to pursue in this mat.
ter, and in the present emergency, so aa to ren
der all the new recruits immediately available
ou the field, would be the plan which was con
stantly adopted by the great Napoleon. Mo
have many regiments, both on the peninsula
and in other places, which are, truly speaking,
mere skeleton regiments. Few, fl" any, of them
anywhere come up to the complement assigned
to a regular regiment. Would it not. therefore,
be well immediately to fill up all these
skeleton regiments whh the recruits
as soon as tbey aw enlisted ? By thus inuorpo*
rating the new levies with the old and tried war
riors who compose these skeleton regiments
no time would be lost in training, drilling and
forming officers capable of leading their men
into battle. These tried officers are all ready
and prepared; they may now be called vete
rans, with the brave men under their command:
and all that they are waiting for are these very
recruits to fill up their diminished ranks.
By this means raw recruits, intermingled with
veteran soldiers, would soon be transformed into
soldier* of the same stamp: the example, spirit,
boldness and during of their veteran comrades
would provoke ambition among them and stir
to emulation. It appears to us that this plan
would be preferable to the slower process of
waiting to form and organize entire new fegi'
ments, with new officers in fact, creating, or
rather attempting to craate. an entirely new
army, which may not. finder the inevitable delays
of such a difficult operation, be in readiness for
tire field before the war itself is ended. The
men themselves would undoubtedly prefer this
plan rather than having to puss many months
in comparative inactivity while learning the
drill. Txiey would rather go ahead and march
right awny to the battle field. The American
is naturally go-aheadutive, and prefers to take
short cuts across lots rather than wait and lose
time and be kept in a state of inaction and un
certainty.
Let our rulers and commanders act in cor
respondence with the national spirit; let them
send or lead the men into battle with something
to gain by th?- battle, and there will he no lack
of bravo spirits to follow and tight. But the
fight must be for something: when the battle
bus been won something must have been gained
by it; for otherwise a battle "don't pay," and
a victory is good for nothing,
Absent Officers and SfiJHlM fro* the
Army.?The abuse of the furlough system
seems to be commanding the attention of the
government and our generals in the shape of
bulletins. A few days fipce thejfpvost |f?r
Blial at Washington issued au order that all
officers aud soldiers who are found lounging
about the hotels, drinking suloousand gambling
houses in Washington should be deemed able
bodied men, aud immediately sent to their regi
ments. We this morning publish an order from
Con. Pope, offering five cents reward for the ap
prehension of Capt. Samuel L. Harrison, of the
Ninety fifth New York regiment. In the Western
Department it is said that lurloughed officers
are returning to their regiments by carloads,
apprehensive that some government ordei
would soon be issued placing them in disgrace.
This furlough business is rather a serious ques
tion just now, when the country needs the ser
vices of all of its volunteers, and some decisive
measure should be immediately taken to put a
stop to it. This is not the time for trifling.
THE ME WT ARIFF.
Large Receipts for Duty at the OuIms
Hawse?Importers Heavily Taxed la
the Parchaie of Demand Notes?Gtoaw
ral Clearing Oat of Old Katrles, lw.
Tbe receipts at the Custom Honm for the paat few
weeks have been unusually large. Slnoe the new tarlfl
act waa iatroducod Into the House of Representatives the
importers doing business at this port have been buay la
withdrawing their merchandise from bond. To obtain
the funds with which to pay duties on suoh goods, of
which there were several millions of dollars worth at thu
port alone, has boon a matter of soma difficulty, and has
subjected importers to a large additional tax. Demand
notes and specie are the only currency receivable foi
duties, if wa except a few Interest bearing Treasury notes
'?sued previous to the passage of the law authorising the
emission of the 7.30 notes Inasmuch as these <
notes have bean daily growing more and more
and inasmuch as the value of gold has constantly
increased, the expenditure, In order to obtain peaaso
sion of imported goods, has been tan or twelve
l*r cent greater than a few months since.
When the legal tender Treasury Note bill was padaed.
making the notes to be issued receivable for all pubUa
dues except duties on Imports, many merchants wht
expected the arrival of large quantities of foreign goode,
invested all the money they oould spare in the Custom
House demand notes. They could easily foresee that with
the passage of each month the number of tbeso notes in
circulate n would rapidly deorsase, as the bill autherined
their withdrawal from circulation and the substitution oi
tbe legal tender notes in their stead. But several months
hare passed since the passage of the act referred to, and
most of those who purchased have paid out the noted la
their possession and have been compelled to buy more al
the high preminm already mentioned.
Tbe important amendment made by the Conference
Committee to the clause of the .Ssjfyu insist
to the new duties on goods In bond, ronders th?
bill much more acceptable to tbe merchants than
when in tbe form in which it wa3 original!)
reported to tbe House and sent to the Senate.
Yet, notwithstanding tbe concession by which goods
entered for warehouse under the three months' law are
allowed to be withdrawn at any time within the three
months originally granted, on paymont of tbe old rated
of duty. Importers grumble considerably at being com
pelled to take out the old stock of goods in warehouse
and pay the duties thereon. It would seem, however,
that tbe goode thus withdrawn, often on payment of the
rates of duty levied by the act ef 1857, which were vary
much lighter then those imposed by laws subsequently
adopted, would command a sufficiently advanced price at
present to compensate for any smalt inoonvonience.
The receipts from bonded merchandise within tbe paat
jew days have been larger than usual, on account of tbe
payment of duties on the goods of which we have beea
speaking. A general clearing out of the old entries has
been and is daily being made, to avoid the necessity of
paring the increased duties levied by I
law. Tho kill, aa it nan da now la
to duttoo on warehoused good*, is, perhaps,
bettor than when first reported. Had the
provision reqairing tlia high rates to be paid on all gee da
in bond, no matter under what law imported, bean ad
hered to, the government would have raised, it ia true, a
few tnilliona of dollars one, two or three moat he anoner
than it will under the present arrangement. The im
porters would, however, in almost every i net as oe, have
withdrawn their goods bel'pre the first of August, paying
the duties now in force, ae that little or no addHieoat
revenue would have been derived from such a regula
tion. The time allowed was sufficient for this te ha aa
compliebi'd. At tho time of the passage of the supple
mental ttriffact of December, 1801, the subject waa pro
posed, discussed and settled ia one or two days. The
Secretary than ordered collectors, by telegraph, to re
quire the new rates to be paid, not waiting for the mall
or for the bill to be printed. Ibis quick work would
have succeeded in raising e few thousand dollars addi
tional nt that time: the act of this month would have
fulled of this object.
The customs receipts at this port for the last fiscal
year exhibit an increase over those of the year previous
Ihe latin acta of last August and December were
the occasion of this. Many think that tinder the new
tariff tit* importations will tall off to a groat extent, and
that the revenue will be diminished instead of iucreaaed
thereby If this be the (act, which \vt much doubt, we
shall keep our money in this country, which will be the
next best thing to receiving au increased revenue. The
belief of Congn as in pas-lag the measure was that the
Treasury would be aided by it to the ex'eot of nearly
1.10,000,000 This may bj an exiruvaguut eat,mote, but
vt a prefer to accept it rather than that of persons without
access to data from which to form conclusions. We hope
and believe that the want* of the government for the en
suing your will be supplied by the revenue derived from
duties on foreign goods and taxes on domestic industry
and manufactures. But a short time will now elapse be
fore ttie now Tariff and tho Tax bills will be In operation,
as the former takes effect August 1, and so much of the
latter as relates to the appointment of officers on the 21st
inst., the remainder of the act, with the exception of the
sections relating to stunp duties aud income tax, going
into efihet September 1) the Seceiary of the Treasury
having foetid it impossible to make the r.eceseary pre
liminary arrangements bef?ra August 1.
Uellglone Intelligence.
* C!fV ('?tf.CBKS TO-DAY.
The most of tho fashionable churches will close about
the 1st of August, to givo the pursous au<! the deacone
an opportunity to enjoy their summer hegira. Already
the morning service in a nnmbor of the up town edifices
begins to he rendered before a beggarly accunat of empty
pews, as many of their former occupants have betaken
themselves to the spriugs, the mountains and lite sea
shore resorts, to e>cupe the heat of the city. Not tnarb
will be done, therefore, hi religious affairs until 8ep
teuilier.
The Rev. duel Parker, D. D., left yesterday for Europe,
tin Friday he was the recipient of a complimentary break
fast Irom his friends and admirers, at the Fifth Avcnua
Hotel. Hon. r. A. <'onhung, R. <"? Hutching*. 8 B. Chit*
tonden.T. R Smith, H l.oomi -, Rev K. W. Clark and
others were among the guests
?'The Rurmng Hush in America" will ba the eeb.tect
of this evening's discourse nt the Brooklyn TaTiernaclo.
Rev. Wn Alt id Bartlett w ill preach at half past ten in
the forenoon, stid at a quarter lo eight in the evening.
In tho Mimorlnl church Hammond stroot, corner o'
tVuverloy place, lite Rev. Stunned Maxwell, assistant
minister of St. Murk's church, will prwiclt I his evening.
Services at half past ten in tho morning, four In the after
noon and eight o'clock in tho evening. Seats free.
In 8t. Ann's i liurcli, Eighteenth street, near Fifth ave
nue, Rev. Thomas Gallnudct, I). It., rector, services at
half past ten in the morning, half past three in the after
noon ami otght o'clock In the evening, the afternoon
being for deaf mutes. T"he Rev. K C. Ewer will preach
lit the evening
In the Church of the Resurrect hot (Episcopal), north
side of Thirty fifth street and east of Nxth avenue, dl
vine service nt ball past ien in the morning and eight
o'clock In the evening. The Rector, Rev. E. O. ilagg,
will preach morning and evening.
A -*itnon for the hour. Rev E. (). Brooks will preaoh
against distrusting God or ourselves, at tho Twentieth
street Fnlveranllst church, between Sixth and Seventh
avenues, this morning at half past ten o'clock.
Police Intelligence.
Cot eraararr on rati Wransnosv Bit**.?A man named
samaet Waters wsa held for examination by dustree
Rreaaao yesterday for passing a oounterfelt Ova dollar
bill of the Weedsporl Bank, N. Y., upon Morris Magnea,
of Ne 8T8 Bleecker street. The countorfell is oxcelieatly
executed in every particular. The worthless character
of the counter felt ona eaty ba detected by the thick and
oearae quality cf th? paper on which It la aagraved.