There is nothing of importance from the Army
of the Potomac to-day. From the Mississippi val
ley no change of affairs is reported.
From the Richmond papers of the 27th wc learn
that gold ia worth $11 to the dollar in the rebol
capital. The people of Savannah are trembling
with fear of an invasion. The Mayor of the city
lias issued a proclamation requesting all residents '
to organize for home defence, and all managers of
?tores, workshops and other places of business to
close them at two o'clock on Mondays, Wednes
days and Fridays, for the purpose of drill. He
directs that an enrolment be made of every man in
the oity capable of bearing arms in its defence.
Some doubt is thrown upon the regularity of the
rebel General Morgan's surrender. It appears that
the officer to whom he surrendered ? Captain
Burbridge ? is reported not be a regular militia
officer, and that Colonel Shackleford conse
quently refuses to recognise the terms of tho
surrender, and the probability is that General
Morgan will be taken care of in the Ohio peni
tentiary of Columbus. k is thought that the
advance cf the rebel forccs into Kentucky, which
We announced yesterday, was made by Colonel
Pegratn under the impression that Morgan's
troopa were still flourishing in their raid in Ohio,
?nd that he was hastening to assist them. We
have nothing later concerning the movement of
the rebels on Lexington.
( Borne important communications relative to the
Arsftinthis city have pas-tod between Judge Ad
vocate General Watcibufy, of Governor Seymour's
Staff, and the authorities at Washington, including
the President, Colonel Fry, and Mr. Kennedy,
tiead of the Censns Bureau. It is snid that Col.
!pry admitted that the enrolment appeared to be
toxcesaive in the city ot New York, as compari d
With many of the counties, but partially explained
this by showing that in New York city all names
liave been twice enrolled, first at the fac
tories and plarea of business, and again at the
Residences. Several other explanations were
Inade, which tended to show an anxiety to remove
Impressions of unfairness and political trickery
which have gained ground here, and which minis
tered so much to the creation of the recent riots.
From Mr. Kennedy Judge Waterbury has obtained
Valuable and reliable census statistics, which will
greatly aid in the work of making out a correct
Conscription should the government persist in en
forcing the measure.
| We have further intelligence of the doings of the
&bel privateer Florida by the arrival of the brig
John Freeman at thla port yesterday from Bermu
da, which she left on the 23d Inst. The Florida
was then there taking in coal. It it ascertained
|>y the statements of the captain of the Freeman
that it was the Florida which chased the United
States steamer Ericsson a few weeks
mf H within about fifty miles of New
h'ork. She arrived at Bermuda on the 16th.
Sha anchored at flrat outside, and on the following
day was permitted to enter the harbor. Bhe sa
luted the Britiah flag aad the salute waa returned.
A considerable interchange of civilities has taken
place between the officere of the Florida aad the
?bore. The papers teem with coaamanicatiooa
laudatory of the craft, officers and crew. Since
the advices of the 17th the Florida baa daatroyed
twelve other vMeefe. The name of one only ia
given? the brig W ilium B. Nash.
, MllCXUAFEOTro ffSWfc
A requisition for a special meeting of the Board
Of Counr;lm n, to be held on Monday next, at two
?'clock, hits already received a number of sign*
gores. The Conscription ord nance, several bills
Relating to the Street Department, and other mat
Cra w'-U ould not be postponed until after the
miner vacation, will then be acted on.
I The Rasigratiou Commissioner* met yesterday
?>-it no buMnesj tif 'peclal I tereu came up. Th'
fumbar of oiuifSjU landed l.ere last week w,?.,
4,168, swelling the number sine# January 1 to
86,609, or about 109 per cent more than arrived to
the corresponding date last year. The emigration
fund now reaches the considerable sum of
$58,236 19.
Toe slock market continued active sod bueyant res
tar day , wiiQ s stoady increase of outside business sad a
progiessive development of speculation. The Mew York
roud* api>eared to be the chief favorites. Money wss
ea t-r ? call loans 5 ? 6 per cent. Gold was dull between
127 'i and 121 If Exchange iras Arm at 140.
Tbe demand for ootton was fair yesterday, but at
rather easier prices. Tne transactions in breadstuff
were limited, at lower rates, sad in provisions quite mo
derate, at drooping figures. Whiskey was lightly dealt
in and was heavy . Tbe mats business in groceries wsa
in sugars and molasses, which were quoted Arm. The in
quiry wss goad for hay, tallow and Kentucky tobacco?
the lattor mainly for export. The movements in other
branches of trade were mueh restricted. The receipts
of produoe from the interior were unusually light.
The Herald ssd Use Conservative Party?
A Chapter of Political History.
The political situation in this State, and in
deed in all the loyal States, is now extremely
suggestive. Three years ago the folly of tbe
democratic party culminated at tbe Charleston
Convention, when the Albany Regency opened
the door to disunion with one hand, aud with
the other assisted the radical abolitionists to
tbe control of the government. At the out
break of our civil war the democratic party,
just divided and defeated, was almost com
pletely demoralized and destroyed. Here in
New York It had not strength enough left to
secure the local offices. Its newspaper organs
were either suppressed, like the Newt and Day
Book, or denied the mails, like the Journal of
Commerce. As for the democratic leaders, they
were either engaged in bitter intestine feuds
and faction fights, or had retired from the po
litical field dispirited and discomfited.
It was at this crisis of political affairs that
the IIkrald assumed tbe leadership ot tbe con
servative masses of the country. Without com
mitting itself to any clique or faction, tbe
Hkkald formed a national party, composed of
tbe conservative democrats and of those repub
licans who repudiated the insane teachings
of tbe ranting radicals. Jhe aboli
tion tendencies and the military blun
ders of the administration soon forced
the msjority of the people to disap
prove of tbe proceedings of tbe President's
advisers, and thus tho Hkkald came to conduct
a strong but constitutional opposition to the
policy of tbe government. But, while we found
much to blame, we were also ablo to praise
occasionally, and history will bear us witness
that we have always heartily sustained the Pre
sident, as the representative of the nation, evon
wlien we wero compelled to denounce and con
demn the foolish and dangerous measures to
which the President was induced by political
influences to give a tardy and reluctant con
sent. Taking tbe constitution, fairly and libe
rally interpreted, as our guide and toxt book,
we have not hesitated to attack men of any
section or parfy who violated the constitution,
nor to support men of any section or party
who were true to the constitution. In this only
loyal and legitimate course we were followed
by the moderate, sensible, conservative masses
of the country, and the result was that we
were bitterly and vehemently assailed both by
radical abolitionalists and radical democrats,
as well as by the radical secessionists of the
South, who heartily sympathize with our
Northern extremists in a cordial hatred of the
Nkw Yokk Hkiui.d.
But, undisturbed by the raving* of these
frantic fanatic*, we steadily developed the plan
we had marked out for ourselves, and constant
ly inculcated conservative, constitutional prin
ciples In the minds of the people. At length,
in October and November, 1362, we had an
opportunity to measure strongth with tbe ad
ministration and fte radical supporters. No
one can have forgotten the gloriotjs conserva
tive victories of those months. Tbe radicals
exerted every effort. They pronounced all
conservatives traitors, and threatened to hang
the conservative candidates. They used gov
ernment contracts and all kinds of official
patronage to buy up voters. They indulged
in menaces, denunciations and vituperations
sjich its had never before disgraced the politi
cal history of this republic. All these tre
mendous efforts did not avail. One alter
another the great Central States ? the richest,
most populous and most intelligent in the
Union? decided against the radical candidates
and gave the conservatives very heavy majori
ties. In New York the contest at first seemed
triangular; but the refusal of General Dix to
' accept a nomination left the people no ohoioe
1 but to vote for Seymour or Wadsworth, and,
uuder the leadership of the Hbkald, the con
servative voters declared for Seyniour, and de
feated Wadsworth so utterly that he will
never agoiu be a candidate for a politi
cal office. If we could end this chap
ter of political history here we might
declare that there was nothing to mar
our splendid triumph; but the sequel must
be narrated and remembered. Among those
carried into office by this conservative deluge
were a few radical democrats, now called cop
perheads. who floated with the flood like drift
wood and rubbish. But no sooner were these
men in office than tbey began to claim the
credit of the whole movement, and interpreted
it as an endorsement of their silly schemes and
corrupt records. Filled with these ideas they
attempted to lead the party which had swept
them out of their holes and into notice. They
opposed, not tbe administration, but tbe war.
They cried, not for reunion, but tor peace at
any price. They raved about State rights, and
forgot the rights of tbe United States. In a
word, tbey tried to prostitute tbe conservative
sentiMent into sympathy with tbe rebels, and
the people indignantly repudiated and trampled
upon them in the New England elections.
This brief chapter of political history has a
sign lleaot moral, and it must be studied ahd
understood before we can expect to accomplish
anything in the important elections to come.
The copperhead politicians who played into
the haods of the republicans in the New Enf- 1
land elections are still before the public. It
tbe conservative democrats affiliate with these
men, or make bargain* with them, or admit |
them to positions of trust and honor, tbe coming 1
elections will be certainly lost Tbe radical
republicans have no better and more faithful
allies than the radicals of the democratic party.
Just as the extremists of the Albany Regency
placed tbe abolltionsts in power? just as tbe
extreme abolitiouists have aided and strength
ened the fire-eating secessionists of tbe South? J
so the oopperbead democrats will throw the
oonlng sleotioas within Ike grasp of the red re
| publican*. Only two weeks ago the mutual
' animosities and rival Intrigues of tbe fanatics of
both factions resulted in a bloody riot, which
would have been followed bv maitial law, a
Military Governor tad a military despotism
bat for the firmness end energy of oar respecta
ble citisens. The danger Is even now not en
tirety over. The passions of the partis*"* of
all parties have been deeply stirred. In many
sections of the country families are divided and
friends separated by political prejudices. Never
did party feeling ran so high and threaten such
dangers, not only to life and property, but to
the very existence of the government, as at pre
sent The oopperbeads and the abolitionists
will do their utmost to Increase this excitement
during the next Presidential campaign. We
therefore exhort the conservatives to modera
tion. The liberties of the people will be sac
rificed If their passions are farther inflamed.
Let the conservatives refuse to coalesce with
the copperheads. Let suoh conservative organi
zations as Tammany Hall set the example in this
polioy. If it be persevered in the copperheads
will soon be crushed with the abolitionists, and
will be glad enough to do the meanest services
for the successful party. If, on the other hand,
our advice be disregarded and the fanatics of
either party again obtain the ascendancy,
nothing but a miracle of Provldenoe cau save
us from destruction.
Th* Hnlcsa Kuaplre sad ih? Southern
Confeilaracjr.
We presume that the Richmond and Mobile
papers, which shout so exultantly over the
temporary success of Napoleon's invasion of
Mcxico, reflect pretty fairly the ssntiments of
the rebel leaders. An empire, a monarohy, an
aristocracy, has been the favorite dream of
those ambitious demagogues, and to realise it
they plunged the country into a most fearful
civil war, making the poor whites of the South
take up arms in support of a system of govern
ment in whioh they would be denied all voice
and influence. Nevertheless we rather think that
the exultation comes all too soon. Much as the
Confederates may long to have Frenchmen for
their neighbors, we are afraid they must sub
mit to disappointment in that respect; for even
though the United States were inclined to let
the French hold peaceable possession of Mexico,
and to indulge the rebels in their desire for a
confederacy, still the wide extent of Texas
must intervene between them. The Mississippi
river, which our arras have wrenched from
rebel control, will never again be allowed to
pass into It, nor will the trans-Mississippi
region revert to Confederate authority so long
as there is any strength left in the arm of the
nation. It might be very pleasant for the
rebols to have such polite neighbors as the
French; but they must forego all idea of that,
and, if they will have neighbors at all, they
must have such rough ones as the Yankees.
In the meantime we hope that Louis Napo
leon, or the Archduke Maximilian, or Prince
Napoleon, or I'rince Jerome, or General Tom
Thumb, or Commodore Nutt, or whatever other
high personage is to occupy the imperial throne
in t\?e city of the Aztecs, will set diligently to
work, clean out the cutthroats and robbers,
restore good order and decent society, set all
the industrial classes to work, and have every
thing in tho best pos^iblo trim by the time we
shall have got through our present war, and
will be ready to extend a polite invitation to
him to return to Vhtnce or Austria, or Bar
num's; In fact ? not to put too fine a point
upon it ? to vamose the ranche.
Thk Hadv.as Corpus ? ThkTribunk n? aFoo. ?
The Tribune, in commenting on the recent
order of General Burnaide to the officers and
provost marshals under his command to disre
gard the writs of habeas corpus from State
courts where prisoners are arrested and held
by the authority of the United States for
offences against its laws, strange to say, quotes
Judge Taney in support of Burnside.
Floundering in the mud and enveloped in a
thick fog, the Tribune cannot see any distinc
tion between cases which widely differ. It is
pretty much in the condition of sueh of Lee's
troops as were left behind on the night of his
escape across the l'otomac. The dase which
Judge Taney decided is totally different from
that which is raised by the order of General
Burnside. The case decided by Judge Taney
and the United States Supreme Court was that
of a prisoner convicted and sentenced by a
United States Court in pursuance of the civil
laws of the United States, but which sentence
wm set aside and deoiared to be illegal and
void by a State court. This was an at'empt of
a State court to revise and annul the proceed
ings of a court of the United Sutes, which was
ver.y properly declared to be unconstitutional
by the highest tribunal in the land. But this
has nothing to do with the qneation whether a
State court has a ri?ht to inquire whether a
citizen, under pretence of United States law, is
legally arrested and held in custody, or whether
military law outside of a camp is superior to
the civil laws of the country.
In this State, as well as in other States, a
special law has been enacted which draws this
distinction in order to avoid collision between
the jurisdiction of the State and federal au
thorities. If the prisoner is arrested under the
authority of the United States laws and by the
federal agents, and ha* not been committed, he
may be brought up ou habeas corpus and dis
charged if there be no legal cause of detention
?gainst him. But if be has been committed
there is an end to the jurisdiction of the State
courts. If, therefore, the United States pro
| vost marshals and other military officers desire
to avoid any unpleasant and dangerous colli
sion between the federal and State authorities,
let them have the prisoner committed at once,
and then no State Judge will venture to issue a
writ of habeas corpus. A wise and good man
advised, "Let all things be done decently and
in order." The inhabitants of this oountry
have long bad the reputation of being a law
abiding people. I*t us now, one and all,
prove our faith by our works.
A Good imp Brumm. Idea? We perceive
that Governor Curtin, of Pennsylvania, has hit
upon the bappy thought of buying some ten or
twenty acres of the great and glorious battle
field of Gettysburg as a cemetery for the
heroes who there laid down their livos that the
nation night live. This beautiful idea we hope
will be Hilly carried out, including a special
division of the field to the soldier* of each State
ooaneoted with the army of the Union, and a
national obelisk on Cemetery llill, with the
names engraved upon it of ev<vy regimeet, and
wltb a book inside containing the name, Btate,
regiment and compauy of every soldier in those
three days battles and In the outside inciden
tal operations. We are glad to be assured at
the same time that the Union soldiers of this
war who have died on other IMds will not be
forgotwn, but thst in some suitable way the
goTorum <at will preserve their names for tlM
remeit.L.ancc of a grateful posterity.
AbaUtlM AMI Copptrhewl KI?U.
The Tribune and ita oohorta of the radical
pram, which to loudly clamored for martial
law during the late dieturbanoes in this o^ty,
seem to glory in just such scenes. They hare
gealously labored for years for mob law. Their
whole teachings have been that of violence
and revolution. They scattered broadcast
their "higher law" doctrines and created in the
public mind a disrespect for all law and for
the constituted authorities. Tbe flies of the
radical journals for years past are tilled with
incendiary articles inflaming the public mind
and arguments urging the people to resist tbe
laws of tbe country. They poured forth their
revolutionary doctrines to such an extent that
the seed of destruction was so thoroughly
planted in a portion of the public mind that
nullification laws, in the shape of pretended
Personal Liberty bills, were placed on the
statute books of many of tbe uon-slavebolding
States. Following in the train of this revolu
tionary teaching came the numerous slave
rescue riots, tbe most prominent of which were
that at Christiana, Pa., the Burns case at Bos
ton, and the Jerry rescue at Syracuse. There
was no cry for martial law then by the agita
tors, nor appeal for the enforcement of the
laws by the United States government; but, on
tbe contrary, they clamored for the violation
of all law.
This gave to tbe extreme men of the South ?
those who were anxious for aa excuse for a
revolution on the part of that section of the
Union ? a plea and an argument to go before the
people of that section and prepare their minds
for all the subsequent evils that have befallen
the country. Tbe seed thus sown to tbe wind
has ripened, and tbe fruit is now being bar
vested. How, let the tens aud hundreds of thou
sands of lives that have been sacrificed in our
fratricidal war answer. The radical journals
gloried in their slave riots; but their thirst for
blood was not satisfied. When the bombard
ment of Fort Sumter heralded in thunder tones
to the world tbe commencement of civil war
in this country this same fanatical radical press
labored to stir up a mob spirit in all the North
ern cities. Leading radicals have since stated
that men were hired to join in the riotous de
monstration in this city, and that offers of posi
tion in the Custom House and other departments
were held out as inducements for men to swell
tbe ranks of tbe rioters; newspaper offices were
burned and destroyed in different sections of
the country; papers were suppressed or refused
the mails, like the News, Day Book and Jour
nal of Commerce of this city. For all this
Greeley bad no word of complaint, but called
it a patriotic uprising of the people. The fran
tic radicals revelled in the mob spirit then and
did their utmost to increase it
Another chapter has been recently added to
their bloody and revolutionary work. Tbe at
tempt to enforce an oppressive Conscription act,
which the radical press have so vehemently
lubored to make as odious as possible to the
people, caused an outbreak in this cKy. For
months past the radicals, In connection with
tl?e extreme copperheads, have worked, tn season
and out of season, to create in tbe public mind
a detestation of that law. Tbe moment that
tbe anti-draft demonstration commenced the
bloodhounds of the two radical extremes were
let loose; military officials were denounced and
interfered with on the one hand, and efforts made
tbe other to thwart the civil authorities of
the State. At one time the commencement of
another serious revolution seemed imminent;
but, with all the incendiary appeals of tbe
extreme partisan press on both sides, we have
emerged from those trials; but it has left us
the proof that one of the greatest dangers
that now threaten the country is the dia
tribes of the party press. Their con
stant misstatements of facts, for the pnr
pose of benefiting their respective parties
and twisting everything to serre their party, is
one of the deplorable signs of the times. The
effort of the radical organs to convince the
administration that the late tumult was not a
mere riot, but an enormous insurrection, is
extremely silly. That these fanatics de
sired to extend it into a revolution for the
overthrow of the governnment we readily be
lieve, for it is in perfect accord with their past
record. But, thanks to Providence, they were
defeated in their hellish designs. Our citizens
should now bear in mind that all riots aro
illegal. They are at the best but violent
demonstrations against the law. The Conscrip
tion act, we know, was passed by the jugglery
or the late incompetent and theoretical Con
gress; but It is nevertheless a law. Riota will
not prevent its enforcement Even if it is an
odious and oppressive measure, there is no
renson Why the property of this city should be
destroyed because Congress has passed a bad
law. The ballot box will better correct the
evil.
Morgan's Grand Mutta**.? 1 The rebel gue
ril'a Morgan, in bi? late experimental raid in
Iml'ana and Ohio, was no doubt induced to un
dertake it in view of the daring and successful
expeditions of Stoneman, Kilpatrick, Grierson
and other Uuion cavalry leaders in the rebel
lious States. Morgan, for instance, looking at
the simple fact that Colonel Grierson, with Ave
hundred horsemen, moved right down from the
northern to the southern extremity of Missis
sippi, five hundred milea, and through the heart
ot the State, concluded that General John Mor
gan, with five tboitsand men, oould do the same
thing for Indiana and Ohio. The trial, however,
has proved the fallacy of this calculation, and
tbe secret may be readily explained. Colonel
; Grierson found the interior of Mississippi de
fenceless, all Its able-bodied white men having
| been drawn off into the rebel armies around
tbe great circle of the rebellion. Thus he aptly
compared the rebellion to an empty shell; for
?? breaking through tbe shell, In a military
sspss, be found nothing Inside. Morgan, on the
other band, as soon as be touched the soil of
Indiana and Ohio, found himself in a hornets'
nest Armed men on every side seemed to spring
up out of tbe ground. Morgan, in fact, before '
J venturing upon th's grand raid, forgot to con- '
suit the books and figures of tbe census, aad
thus be has fallen a victim to a very stupid
arithmetical blunder. His master, Jeff. Davis,
and his associate leaders are beginning to
, real ire tbe Taut that they have made the same
miscalculations.
Tms Si.h vk kk or Ot n Cavai.ry.? In tbe late
event 'til asgroiwive campaign of General Lee,
from Lmrerly's Ford, on the Kappshsnnock, to
Gettysburg, and thenoe following his rotreating
forces back again to the Rappahannock, tbe ser
vices of the splendid cavalry corps attached to
| the Army of tbe Potomac oannot be too highly j
prater). PI? an ton. Buford, Kilpatrick, Gregg,
rercy Wyndbam, and others of their brave
associates too numerous to montion, during
the last two months hare indeed achieved
miracle* of valuable labor. AU aloof the
eastern aide of the Blue Ridge, with the move
ments of Lee's army towards Pennsylvania, his
rear guards and his flanking detachments of
horse and foot were fought by these aforesaid
cavalry officers from day to day, without re
gard to numbers, and the enemy were In almost
every instance badly beaten. And so, with the
transfer of the two armies into Maryland and
Feunsjlvania, the achievements of our oavalry,
by night and day, never tiring, though always
in motion, would fill a considerable volume
with the simple enumeration of their details.
The provision trainB, prisoners, horses, cattle,
guns, small arms, ammunition, Ac., which In
all these operations have been captured by our <
cavalry, If summed up would make * schedule
equal to the destruction of a considerable
army.
It is therefore to be hoped that the cavalry
arm of every army we have in the field will be
strengthened in every way; for the services of
General Meade's horsemen among the moun
tains have been as valuable to his army as our
gunboats on the Mississippi have been to the
land operations of Grant and Banks.
THE PRIVATEERS.
Opwstlras of tk* FUrMa? Th? Brig W.
B. Vstk Destroyed bjr cite Pirate? The
Oktie of Ike Palled States Steamer
Brlessoa bf the Florida? Her Arrival
at BermaSa? The Silver Bars Captared
by the Pirate Shipped on Board of the
Steasaer B. B. Lee? A Half Millie* Dol
lars to be Seat to Wllala|toa, S. C.?
Be port of Captala Co A a, of the Brig
W. B. Sash, A e.
By tbo arrival of the brig Job a Freeman at this port
yesterday, six days from Bermuda, we learn that tbe
Florida was In that port oo tbe 22(1 Inst , caulk tag and
ooeiing, and that she did not Intend leaving lor three
days.
We now know that the Florida b tbe privateer
which chased tbe Ericsson a few weeks since while (he
was on a cruise In search of the Tacony and other pri
vateers.
1 be Florida has transferred her stealings of a half mil
lion of sliver bars from a ship recently captured to (be
ai med blockade runner Robert E. Leo, and it is reported
that she will attempt to run Into Wilmington.
Captain Coffin, of the brig W. B. Nash, destroyed bjr
tbe Florida, reports that be sailed from New York on tbe
3d if July, with a cargo of lard and staves. Jnly 8, lati
tude 40, longitude TO, at three P. M. , made a steamer to
the eastward, standing to tbe westward, apparently
under full bead of steam. Bbe passed us about live miles
o(l. She ba<l four smokestacks, and was a side-wheel
beat. (The Erlcswn, chased by the Flot Ida.) Soon after
made another steamer to the eastward, which came
along and parsed us. Soon alter sbe bore up for us,
and came alongside, with tbe Stars and Stripes flying.
Ilaced us to beave to, as they wisl-ed to send a boat
aboard; and aa the boat boarded us they ran ud the
Confederate flag on the steamer, and the officcr of the
boat pronounced us a prise to tbe Confederate flag.
Ordered myself and part of my crew to take p ?rt of oar
clothes end my papers, and go oo board tbe steamer,
which proved to be tbe Florida. My charts and instru
ments were confiscated, tbe brig sacked and aet on Ore;
they then steered for a schooner in sight, which they
found abandoned. Sbe was s whaling schooner,
hailed from Provinoetowa, aad was set
en Are. They then steered off the coast as
laatas possible, under eteam and canvass, Sad landed
myself acd crew in Bermuda on the 10th of July. The
Florida's officers have bee.i lionised by the suthorltlee,
and were saluted from tbe fort in tbe harbor of St.
George. Sbe Is armed with six broadside guas aad twe
pivetai b not as faat aa has bean represented, sod her
n.acblnorjr is out of repair. She does not steam over
eight knute and a half. Tbe discipline oa board a bad.
t be, together with a number of blockade ruanera, waa
la port, the Florida having transferred a portion of her
valuable spolia oa board the Robert K. Lee, to be taken
to Wilmington, N. C.
The cargo of tbe W. B. Mesh consisted of 000,631 pounds
lard aad 6, SOT atavrs.
MtsraucrtON or twslvs mom vbssbls st tbs
floki da ? r us ruurs within fifty miles or
?aw you, arc., arc.
Halifax, July 20. lOOS.
Tbe brig revonah ire, with Bermuda date* to the Slat of
July, arrived to-day .
Th* privateer Florida arrived at Bermuda on tba 1Mb
to damagee to b?r machinery ud take la ooal.
She anchored at Urat outside, and on the following day
waa permitted to aatar tba htrber. I be aaluted tba Br!.
Uab fla i and tba salute waa returned. a ooneMerable
Interchange or clvltittaa baa taken place between the offl
cert of I be Klortda and tbe shore. The paper* teem with
communication* laudatory of tba craft, officer* and araw.
Htnee the advice* ot the lTtb, tbe Florida baa daatroyed
twelve other vaaaaia . Tbe nnaaa at one only la given?
the brig William B Haab
Tba FVrlda lately ran within Mty mlhw of New York,
It la aaid , In aearch of tbe Rrieaano , which aba c baaed
aoate time; but tba Kricaeoe aaoapad la a daaae fog. 8be
shortly after dcatroyed the Ifaah.
There bad heen serious altercatlona lillw the mem
hereof the Thirty ninth regiment and the men of tbe
rebel bloekivto runners la Bermuda; but the author II lea
promptly Interfered end teetered quiet.
Exaggerated Southern accounts of I*e's raid were
brought by tbe blockade run tier*. Tbe Taaua. from Wtl
mington, with datae to tbe 10th, aaya Harrlaburg la In
lice's bands, and other account* axe quite aa correct.
Tbe GaMtite aaya there la Ueetltution of fael la port, and
aappl.ee from Ktigland are hourly expected.
An extension of the regulation period of star baa been
granted the Fi< ride.
The f Mowing blockade nienera arrived at Bermuda on
the datee mentioned ? July ?, the R. K. I<ee, froaa Wil
mington . N. C. ; 1Mb , tb.? Venue, froaa do.
Braadway Rallread? The Iajanetloa
A get I net til* Harlem RaUraad Cempa
mj- Olaaolvrd.
UOUMOM PLBAH? MPICIAL TUI.
Before Judge Brady.
J t'LT 'li. ?John J. /'Mi* <4. of. w. tkt New fori and
llat lem Railroad Company ? The bearing of tbe motion
for a continuance of the Injunction granted agalnat tbe
Harlem Railroad Company, restraining them froaa laying
their track in Madison avenue, lo punuanoa of the reeo
lution of the Comma Council permitting tbe extaoaion
of tbe Harlem Railroad through Broadway and Uadi*oa
avooue, waa brought on this mnrnhg. The plalntlffh,
woo are ewner* ot property on Madtaon avenue, appeared
by their oouaael, who conceded to the argument of
tbe def andante' coanaei, that alnce tba granting of
tbe nonaction the Court of Appeala bad dnci<led
in the caae of I be People agatnet Kerr adveraely to the
right of the owner of property to maintala an Injunction,
agatast tbe uae ef a a treat by n railroad It was snggeeted
that tbe *bote oavo having bean decided by the Conrt of
Appeal adveraely to the pinintlflh, there waa no ground
(or tba rurther proeecution of tbe iult, and that It waa an
act of iajuatloe to the llarlem Railroad eempeay lo re
(train them any longer from tbe e* err lea ef their valu
able righta. The plalattfh' onaaael urged that teneasach
aa the declaion of the Chart of Appeals had bean made
alnce tbe oommecoemeat ef thie auit, aad thia nit bad
b-en commenced In good faith, the plaiatiflh should be
bermltted to dleoontlnne wltheul ooeta In tills view the
Onurt concurred , and an order waa mad* dteaolvlag the
m, unction and diacoetientng the salt witheat ooeta The
following order waa entered ?
Tbe defeadaatc in tba action havlag appeared on tba
order heretofore made herein, requtrlu* them to show
eauaa why they should not be reel rained from laying
their track la Madtaon avenue, under tbe reaototkn of
tbe Maynr, Alderman aad Chmmnnauy of th* Clt y of New
York, of April SI , 1MB, and having moved that the ar? u
moot of the motion be now brought oa , and tbe platatidk
having sugg sated that the decision of the Court of Ap
peals In the e?aa of tbal'eople agaloet Kerr and othera.
haa adjudged adversely in the righta of the plaint ifflt, aa
property owner*, to maintain aa action for such Injunc
tion. and that the law of tbeStve. aa estnhliafced by that
decision, waa not generally regarded aa th* axlatmg law
at tbe time of thegmntiagof tbe Injunction order, and
thst, therefore, tbe plaiatiflb should have leave, under
tbe circumetannae, to discontinue, without coata.
Alter beartog counsel for the reepectlve partiee. M le ad
judged py tbe Oonrt that the lrv)?iiH-tl?n order h> retofbra
granted, rsetralolag the UereadaoU (the New Y irk sad
Harlem Railroad Company) from laying their t-aet In
Madison avanae, he and the aanee ie hereby di??..lved,
aad that the plaiatiflb have leeve to discontinue tula ac
tion wltbont ooeta, and wlthont prejudice to any righta of
the pialatKta.
Break the Irln Onanl.
Atnanr, Jely V, IMS.
H la not atpacted that annnl boate wIM reaoh tide water,
?n acnonnt of the brsak at ftpraher'a, before la morrow.
NEWS FROM WMIMHTOR.
Maw Yof*. Juljr t?, law
mebtino or tbb bational oonMnrn* or rrnm
DOUUl.AH AMD BBBOKINItUKM DBMOCBAOT? A WAB
POLICY POB8BADOWBD.
The national oommitloes M the Douglee aad Brecatn
ridge democracy are to luvt a meeting, either at Milwau
kee or Detroit, between the 17 th and 28d of next montb,
to arrange a programme for the approach log PreaiJeoUal
cam pa if a It la already agreed u> Dury the hatchet, sod
to place the democrat ic party thua uoltad opoo a war
platform. Copperhead lam ia to be denounced, and retrain
tiooa to favor of the integrity of the Union to be adopted.
1 he reapoaelbUity of the reoeot rlota la resistance to the
draft ia to be placed where it rightfully bolungs. The
preeent administration ia to be Ignored , and ao commeat
whatever ia to be made upon its action. The negro
question ia also to be treated with utter uleaoa
The leading democrata wh? will take part la
ihw movrmeut aro convinced that no Bugs set ten
they may off<*r will bare any weight or tnflusaaa
with the preeent admin atratioo, and they aro agreed,
therefore, to o>*One theawelvea to the marking out of a
programme of their own, by which the two wings of tha
old democratic party will be completely united and a
strong bid made for the aupport of the eooeervaUrea ef
other parties throughout tba loyal Statee. Thia move
ment ia or great political importaaoe. The moetiag la
not intended to bo public, but a plan of operation* ia ia
be agreed upoa which aball settle all dUfeireocee and
bring together, upon a war piatform, all Um demoerata M
the loyal States
mour'g stair, baa been bore in relation to the draft, and
haa bad Interviews more or leaa satisfactory with Oaloasl
Pry, Mr. Kennedy, of the Oeoaua Bureau, aad the fil
dent. OXooel Pry admitted that the enrol meat appeared
to ae esceaaiva in the city of New York f democratic), a*
compared with many of th? counties (republican), bat
partially eiphlned thia b y ebowtog that In New Yard
city ell name* bare been twice en roiled, flrat at tba fha
tor lea aad place* of business, and agaia at the residences.
Otbor explanations followed, all teading to ahow that
Colonel Fry l* anxious to abate aa much aa poaaiMa
any impressions of unfalraeaa or political trickery ia the
business entrusted to hla management. From Mr. Ken
nedy Judge Waterbury haa obtained valoaMa and reila
ble oonau* atatiatica, which will greatly aid la the work
of making out a correct cooectiptloo should the govern*
meut persist in this measure. The administration dear
not seem to sympathize with tboae republican preaaaa
which seem anxious to bring on a conflict between tba
State and general government; but, on the cootrary, balk
the Preaident and Mr. Seward seem particularly saitnaa
that all Just c iuaa of complaint aball be removed.
TBI BNBOLMBNT IN WiaHUfOTOST
The total number of citiseaa of the Matrtot of ODi*?
bla enrolled in the flrst class is nineteen thousand thras
hundred aad tweoly seven , of which fourteen tbooaand
two hundred and forty-two are white, and ire thousand
and eighty-five colored. The number to be drafted to
three thousand eight hundred and aixtyflve, with aa
addition of fifty per cent to be drawn, making Ave thou
sand soven hud red and nioety-eight.
TBI PAL8ITT OP OIK. LEB'S LBTTBB TO ADJUTAMt
The letter of Gen. I?e to the rebel Adjutant Oenaral
Cooper is ao groesly faiae in Ita atatementa that tboae whe
have knowa Can. Lee heretofore doubt Ita authenlio<y.
He denie* that any light occurred at the oroaalng of lha
Potomac, and yet the Richmond papers admit that Own.
I'ettigrew was mortally wounded la a skirmish at fall tag
Waters while lee was retlrng,aad wa have In our boapt
tas a number of wounded rebels and prison era who wan
captured upaa that oocaslon. Gen. Meade's deapatch la
fully sustained by the facts, which show that every Haa
of Geo. Lee's letter of denial Is false.
DMCrotON or THB PIH9T OONrtHOIXBB or TBI TBU*
8UBT AOAIM8TTBB PAIMHT OP OPPIOBBB APPODW
EO Arm TUB ADJOUBNMBMT OP THI BBMATB.
The First Comptroller of the Treasury affirms a dectstoa
of the First Auditor which dsniaa to ahigh civil oSaial
payment of aalary, becauae of hM being appointed after
the adjournment of the Biasls to a racaaoy which aatsh
ed when that body am ia eras km This dec l? too is waM
founded on ths law of the laat esaatoa, whloh was eaaeta*
mainly to prevent a maitipltoity of appolnlmaota of aaaf*
aad brigadier gaasraM.
INPIUBNTIAL tOmBW OIIIBBM TAtlWO TBI OATS
OP ALLBQIANCB.
It is a good siga for the Oaten aaasi that Several sf lha
moat wealthy aad iaflueatial cHlsaoa ef Norfolk and vM
ally bars lately takaa the aath ef ? ? -gi? T- to our gar
ernsaent, aad are serving oa Jariea, ha. Other citiseaa at
Ilka charaotar wMI take Aa aaaso aaaraa.
TBB BXCBAMB OT PBIgOMBM.
The statement going tha raaada of the praas that Oaaa
ral Pamberton aad lha rebel oflaera captared at TiaM?>
burg have already basa axchaaged M wliham fbuadaUsa.
White geaarais la tha laid hare, aadsr tha lavas of lha
cartel, authority to parole pUssaars, tha dfoul tlee am
iatlog ia reiatloa to tbeexehaaga af priaoaara and ctrB
lana hare not yet keen ananas awilalsd, aad ao exehaaga
of priaoaara oaa be made uaUl thsae dllBeultioe are rm
moved.
TBB OBJBOT OP MB. WMtTOU'l TI?T TO BOBOfB
CNUtroBTABT.
Mr. Wbltiag, tha Solicitor of the War Depart sssal, la
generally beliored to have goae abroad Air tba parpoae at
aiding the government agents there la tha coUectloa ?C
testimony in reference to the conatructien of war veaaala
far the use of the Southern plratea. The real otyoot at
hla miasioo, however, la unla^ortant, aad It will pro
bably tura oat l?at it waa merely a protest to a/lbrd
him aa opportaalty Iter ao agreeable samawr lour abroad.
Judge Advocate
irf, of Oorernor Bar
QBNBBAL OOOPBB.
DIBMIMAL8 PBOM TBB ABMY.
la the tot of dlamimia from Um military aerrloe rw
the week ending Saturday last, as sfelsUy aooounoed,
?re the follow infi
ll M* Orsnrllls 0. Haler, Seventh United Htatce tft.
tan try, for die loyal conduct ud the utterance of dMtfri
Motimi'iiu.
Captain H. P. Murrell. Eleventh New York beery er
tlllery f> r repented utteranoea oftreaeosa bio end dwloyel
SMAIirente.
Oi t in William R. Burke, Nineteenth Ohio Volustssrs,
for i ?ii Dftble language end disloyally.
Lieuicraut M. B. I>e 4 lire, Sixteenth Ohio Volunteers,
for writing end publlahlng e highly d la loyal end uobs
o?mlug tetter.
AEjrr and watt pbnmonb.
While tbe Pension Office le overwhelmed with appUss*
Horn for ermy penetone, not moeh determined action has
been taken with reference to eppdoatloat for nary pes.
rlone. A failure to make proper return* from reaaeb Is
tbe Nary Department occaalosed delay In tbe matter.
Retumi even from officer* of the Cumberland and Cos
greae, which were destroyed by the Merrlmac, hare not
bees received.
COMMANDER HBN*T A. VIU APPOWTSD CHTSV or
TUB BtTRBAlT OF OBDKANCB.
Commander Henry A. Wlae baa been appointed by Ms
President Chief of the Bureau of Ordoasoe tn is* Nary
Department ad interim.
MATBB OV BOI.DIBBB.
Tbe following Bealbe wars r^stii si tbe office of Ckp
tain Hertz op to Sunday night ?
DarM Mawrer, UTih New York
I/ewia W. Quay. Ttb Kew York artillery.
Oao. R. Stone, TM ObM
J. W. Cotlmsn, TUh Ohio
Cory 4ns Smith. Mb Michigan
Enoch F. rerrteh. ItSd Ohio.
A. Beer. Quartermaster 'a bUckemltb.
Jeaee CMaetl, 14BU Pesnsylraals.
(.00 W gteveee, l*i1 New Tort.
Kit ward a fjeleer, ITSd Pennsylvania.
In N. Carter, lai IHstrlcl of (Man Ma aolorrd ngl
PA RAM Of WCKPOCMH.
Tbe Provost Msrebai trsatsd na lo-day is asotbar ps
rade of pickpockeU, properly labelled asd ma?Mi<
tbrongb Penssytraals a venae liiiws two ilea af aei
diara to tbe lust of the "Rogasl March." peerless Is
their expuiaios from lbs city.
I jrwm sr tsb Nbw SfsaaMBir Oowwoooss? Mr fm.
derbllt eessra determined to not allow hie title Is paaa
away rrosi before tbe public, aa y eater day be tons**
from the yard of Jere Sbnosson , at OreespMsi, a saw
aad splendid (leaner. Ths reeeel Is of Iba following dl
mrnalone -Length os deck, two bosdred asd eevasly
three feel. breeMb of beam, thirty nlsa fbet depth at
hold, twenty asrssfkM eli insbas. Tbe laascb oaaaa Ml
M tweoty-flve mlsstee peat eeres o'clock, which Usual
tbe attendance le s coaapsrallvely (mall somber <sf pss
rie Tho Commodore was taken to the Allaire Worlm,
where .he to io recede- a alogie beast engine of etah*
Incb oylkidsr and twelve feet atreks. Tble ohlp le ba?
In a v ary a beisntlaJ manner, and bar modsl
both atrenfth with
ArrtTSl M
i.itjly >tll
The Mgbth MltlklBMM
day. Tlwy senrsd li? M Wserbsrs *<?WM W nm
oorpe of ti e Army Bf lbs MMM. ^krllf allSB lbs baft>
lis of Oattyeburg