The WotU hu* a groundloss Washington ru
xuor that the Administratlon is about to propow
Oan Armistice to the Rebels, and is evideutly
alarmed, by it* rauing at the President, as foi*
lows :
"To prepoaean Brmiytiee totbe Ttlol.rnond anthoi-i
ttae ta quite alttda thr aoaaw of thi? trbkflbr. vault
Jdb Bnl.ition. Thnt l.e n euld try to miko it the inlf ia
tory atep Ui a real and Btab e peat-e. moch leai to MM
vltn areetoted l nmn. aedeaot br BMMaaat laktaiaa
To kfr. Lincolna Adiuiu atrstlon. TVaie und Tuion
are linrajsHiblo I'euoe lo rannot .on.iuer. TLe UBM
Iie oanno reoonatriu-t. if be would. Tha South wiU not
treat with him rieepl Ha ir.drpoti.len-e t... ( ranted."
. ? ? . . Tt f.,. trv, lii.it-.lin-. aulferinir, intagoT
?rned dirrtraotod, h:ia nothing to bo|* aiul haa every
thlBK tu fear from au ariLi ti.e or any other Bt. p tn
ward Teaoe whieh Mr. Lmcom may iske of pretend to
take ItBhudderB4*ithf.ar*vheiiAf C4.meaboariiigiv.-n |
aaoh a booa as i'e-uo, fui Duruniou ta itt cjuditlon and j
itl re-iilt. a I
II tt tha rntaaion of tha Cta-WerBM j.a'tTto re*tore To .
Ha natlon Paaae, aad ta tbeaa rJtataa-^liaoordaat. I>.1
ligerenA aad drenchod with fa-aterual blootl? Libeity
aud Union.
?It fita been thus from the beginning. No
tbi_nx that tha Prenidcnt or tho Repul-lienn party
can do will ratiafy those who aro ||| dalBBlhMal
not to bo satinfied. Thun, wheu the ay_lM_b
of Seoeeision first bn-ke out, we prop^ed to |
wtop it by profferitig to the Cotton Btataa pr- j
inidsioii to leave the l/'nion peacefully aud nn
oppoeed if they -.oukl give us time and oppor- j
tunity to arguo tho qaeHtion with their pm.ple
and unite aith m in tho aaaaatial prelunlcaries. j
We made the proffer in ximple good faith, bc- j
lieving this the anrent aud eaiviest way to save .
the Uui*?n if it could be saved, and the right I
?way to dlpj-olvo it if it mu>t be d_aoaaTala Wa
favored the cali of a Convention of tho St.ites,
Jiko rhat whieh framfnl our present C.mrititution,
tnttting that euoh Convention would harnionizo
the country if that were poBsible, ar.d holding
that it would have authority to sanction sepa?
ration if that should prove inevitable. In the
" Peaoe Conferenoo" whieh ensued, every Re
pnblicAn delegation voted for a Convention of
the StAtee, and every Ilemocrat deud against it.
Eren Kentucky, whieh had originated the call
for a Convention, voted down her own propoai
tion. Virgitiia, whieh professed great anxiety
for Peaoe and Uniou, voted the BBBBI way. 6e
cesniou then went ahcad, culmiiiHting in Civil
"War; and the Democratic leadcrs have over
ainc. been clamoring for a Convention I
The Electionsof lBti'i went againnt tho Admin
idtration. Democratio (lovernorH, or Lcgisla
tarex, or both, were quite generally ahOBBBI and
thene hoon began to demorrstrate in favor of an
Annirttice?of Conriliation?of sending Peaoe
CommiKtiionerB to Richmond^ &c Ae. In tho
luidnt of these doings Tub Tribcnb oue day
4__.nl: " Let us rally all our forcos?cull out our
Militia?send onr rerterres to the frout and try
?Jard to hit the Rebollion Btaggeriiig aaOtfai
knd, if wo fail, let ub bow to our deetiuy and
lixke the best Pttaiuable Peaco'*?whon lo! the
Democratio clamor fi.r Peaco wa? itiHtantly
lushed, and the Democratio Legi^lative Addresri
for our State came out soon alijorwards with a
stinging attttck on the Administration aa about
to make a disgroceful DiBunion Poace I
To-day, two-thirdt. of the Demotrats of the
Free BttMe* Are manifoatiug opci. aud deadly hos
tility to the further proi+ecutioii al tho War.
Thoy take Bie eide of the Rebels with regard to
Eichangea, killing Negro Soldiers, Army devas
tAtio-A Aud alino-t or quite everything else.
T t_rtS*-foMth_of the Democratic journals we open
would be read with delight ln Loe's emps by
all who oan read at tii. TLcy oppo^e the Draft;
they dinoourage inventmer.ts in the National
Loadj; they magnify every Union roverse, and
belittle every Union .ucce-8, giving the maas of
their re-ders to nndenita-d that Jeff. Duvis ia
fighting for Union and Liberty,against the usnrp
fttiona and atrooitics of Abo Lincoln. They j
clamor for Peoce, protest again?t the farthar 11
prcaacution of the War as UHelcss butchory, and
denounce the increaac-d Taxes as iniqnitous and '
aippreisive. No single act or afl_at tending to '
iavigfirato the BgOBOOatiooad lha W'or, Ba8_tpee|l
*bcir conceited aud VToaaBBoaa d-aranaaafliab l<
rhoy even favor Ihe public with rYeqaent and
[ilous homiliud ou tho horrors of War, aud the
hcnignitios and bleasinga of Peaco.
But lo! there are biuta aud i-uspicions that
iae l-flMBiil...iin may cutertaiu propo.itiou,
rn.i.i tho Bohi la, looking to Peuco or an Aniils
tlco,0B4 iiiMaiitiyaU ischangi'd! Even J. I
I NtTiB. l..irn-1-..rg'.", Th* Dtaff M.rr, haa no wel
aoOM for paoila overtures (naa IboJ quarter,
II ',. Thr WtvU .stanilafairly aghiwt at the sng
'i-otion It BiadlF undcrtakes the diplom.-u-y <d
! - Krbrla, aml wurnaolT the Pn-sident with tho
?d-OraO-Otbal "the South will not troat-r-if/.
Wtm -XOBfA ita ind.pendenco ho grantod."
How do vou know thut ? And what is your wnr*
ranl for the lamBnjtjBI that. it will ogroe to con
.litions froai your party, in power, whioh it
ivnitld rtfu.se to ours.
If the Rebel aaoah-Ba ia run for the benefit aa
tbe Northi-rii D-uiomitic ptiit-y,' that fact can
wt bo dcv.lop.-d too aoou. Lot us have a look
it tho documents!_
FABBACTT'l TIC'TOBY.
Admiral Fakbai.-TB splfiidid achievement
it Mobile.together with tho Now Orleana narrit
ivoa, clcar up some poluta whieh the Rebel OOB
pi_tohM lett doubtf'il. Not this war nor ttny
.thor ifllla- a parulhtl to tho action of the f?Lh
\ngu-t, nor haa any other nnval ougagement
loDB IB nnfc-h to unsettle still further the qpjM
iionfor the la<t three yenra at isaue, touchiug
ivoodo-t a:id ir.-n olad raBaelfl of wur.
Farrugut'a fleet cunsiat-d offoiir Monitors and
'.urt.i-n woodeu roaaala. The rcmarkuble
nhaaro ef thaaoHoBBioi
I. He aagaged Fort Meagaa in haaa! da.v
igiit. Tliere waa uo efl'ort to run by nnder
?over of darkiie.-a.
Tl.e Aduiind furuioil hia lino of battle at *un
i-f, four Moiiitorw lcading, wooden iblpa-OOflad
d'.ne!*' ft.i'.owing.
II. The tnoodtn thipt sileiiccd the fort. It
locs not appear that the fire from the Monitors
iad ftny coii.aidernblo eflect. Thoir cight gBBI
TApable of being discharged about onec iu fiftecn
tniuuten, could no nothing against the tremen
lOBfl armainentof Fort Morgan?eUtod at 110
heavy guns. But Ailmiral Farrngut took hia
?ihips of wood clof*e in nnder Ft.rt Morgan, and
with broadsides of grape and canister IfOfOlha
Bahall from their guna?and eo ntoamed paat,
littlc hurt. 8tioh Uutics, aud such heroi.m as
it requ'ued to put them in force, axe beyond
praioo.
It is idle to talk of armor.plating?more than
idlo to culogize IPB-b-TiBg two-gun monitors
when the broadsidos of woodoa shipa are madc,
by the g.-tiiii> and courago of ono man, U> do
BOah work Aa this.
Tho B/oadaB frbipa defeated and annk the n>l>
t-1 iron-c'.ad fleet. Rebel |BBB_B excute their de
foat by the overpower.ng strcngth of AdiniraJ
rarragut's forco. That will do for af>i tha
fight. Boforo it, tho ram IbflBBBBBI and her
MMBtt-?all armor jdated?were lioralded in
nnoiblo. It is eli-ar enough they woni ar.
uvermatch for lha four Monitors?or three, i!
yon ploaso?tho Teeumaoh hfiving b.-en suitk l.y
a tocpado before |OtHng into the figl.t.. Hothlag
could bo more gnlliint thnn the way the M-ii.
tora were tuken i-ito tvtion, nor do any a__OB_fl
de-ierve more crexlit than their*. But the T<>n
noahee waa boatcn by tho ap-tault of tho I.nckn
wannn, the Monongahelaand the Hartford?the
shock and tho broadtide. tt tho latter, Fur
ragut'aowu ahip, finiilly bringing down her fl.ig.
The helpl?i*s elaakb-aaaaaf tha Monitoi. aai tm
hippily illustniti-l in tho collision betweon the
Ilartford aud thu M.tacomot?the lattat run
ning nhnost at full apof-d into tho Ilartford,
p|rite of all efforts to prevent tt g and the
Admiral had the mortification of aeeing hin
flagrthip, almoat nnhurt by the rebel fire, rwtlue
ed to a wrerk by the unmanageabUity of oneof
Mr. Eric-i.on'a BUk-h-BOa.
Wo rihall get 1 iter news in a day ortwo, Tho
arrival aaatatday broogbt nothing ko lato a*i bad
coine before throiigh Rebel channela. There i.
no exact information aa to the OBoHlea <>f th<
oo^pcrating land forcea. They are ?ai<l t>.
have baroatai and BBBOOi the surrender of p'orf
Oa nes on Dauphino Ialand; but whilo thoro i
no doubt of tho taLing of the fort, lt is a little
nnccrtain how tnuch tho army had to do wi'L
tha rapttiro. Robcl accounts r,aid the siirrender
waa to the narnl fnrre.
CRT. FBB9fO~T.
Our roadfr3 wii: bata acbMOTOd that we haw
BOt (tcun fit to join in the hue aml cry set up by
man}- of our cotemporarlea apa'.nnt Jahfl C. Fi"
mont. Though wo do not support hini aa a can
ilidate for Presilent, aud believe he haa jnii.le
[Ol who has not t) aome grave political ___Baka ,
we hold him in high eatoem ai one who fOOllj
Jeaires to serre and savc his eonntry Ha ll BO
Copporl.cad; he never yet rojolced over a UBioa
Uaafler, even though it dl-Btoditad aume bitter
peraonal BfivernarTi and ho laohtlaaB ftaiul
ready to-day to xnake any peraonal stu'rifireif ba
might thereby lOBOBO his country from her " sea
of troublea." Wo iaMB it, thercfure, neithir
wi.ne nor Just to build up wfills of xlieniition bb
tween him and tho great lnxly of tho ioTOOOi
champioua of the National cauae.
To taunt tho Repnbliean catulidato for Pre-ii
jent in l*f>6 na "Tho Ij0?t Leader," ia not the
tvay to Unioiiiat harmony and triumph. Il
rierres to remind the country that Gen. Fre
mont liaa been "lost" ero now. Tliou?iiulr.
remomber hoa* long he a-aa loat, when fcoiltB
aud Bhelterleaa, he wa? buriod, with hin tlaring
band of suffercra, in tho doep BkBOfl of the
Winter, ou his way to that grand, rich country
whieh he ofterward gave to the Uuion. He
was "loat" to the Democratio party when,
In lase. he rejected the Pro-Slavery dogma
then foisted into hia creed, and beoame the
popular leader of the young Repnbliean hoat
in the moit vigoroux and effectivo canvass
jince tbAt of 1800. Ha waa "lost" to his
Jpvotod Anny in 1861, when unwisely iuper
leded, After long and toil_ome marchos, whieh
;ad nearly cleAred MlaBouri of Armod rebels,
tnd when on the rery brink of atill more bril
innt achievementa. It were hettor, we think,
hat he xhould not be ?? lost ? now.
(Jen. Frr-mont BM been accuatomod allhinlife
a a anrtala tmooaB of movement, raga-ilaai el
;..u vquences, wlucb is uot quitai oonatataut vviUi
vigoroiis party discipliuo. " We bavo throwu
awii) onr paokd, and shall movo on," waa hi
chamctcristic reply to the garage. chiof wlm ?nw
lit to arreat his Wintor advanoo through iey
niountftin gorgea, when on his firstoxploringox
pedition. Uo has ncvcr lacked tho daring la
rink every thing in what he csteemcd a good
caiiao. Diffcring from him in opinion with re
gurd to tho courao to bo pursned by patriots in
lha i rt-ricut oriaBBj we lind in thut difforeucc no
rooaao ior a?Fnil-ig him, not wiahing to convcrt
diir,reiioe into boaiility. We trust that all oar
iiest udrerriariea of tho Rebel Slavo Powcr may
be brotight to act togotLor iu tho approaching
Pr.hidentiiil cunvass, at leoat so far os to vote
in eaeh State a tOBBBM Electoral tickct. Aml
nt all eventa should this hopo bo blasto.1, wi
ahall havo dono our utmost to avort the catn
trophe. _.
Tllf. TAALAIIAOBEB.
Thopinicieaij^tho Tallahnvrweo Bredoingeredit
to tho K.-hellioii, oredit totlietipholdors of BBJB
t.m abiob aaataa barbariana of white men nnd
ahnjOOfB- the blnckn to bo murdorod in BoM
blood. Few can havo failed to noto the chara<
ter of tho outrngc t. wbich aro committed within
aight of the aaaot and almost within sight of tliis
hnrbor. Burning of rihips tho Alabama tanglit
nn to expoct; thoTallah??see came near adding
to it tho doatruction of tho crow and |B_BB-gen
of an omigrant vcssel. If BBOh was not the
deltborate purpoao of the pirata captain in hia
rtaaHagB with the Adriatie, a Iiondon paeket.
bi.und to Now York, hn wa? at leoat recklcaa of
the prt.bablo rcault. Thero were M_ poOMBflin
on that itdp. They were ordcred to quil the fBB
sel with MJOh haste as to loave no time forcarrying
?aay their porsonal baggagc?thoso poor riirvi
|iaola. not an American amoitg them, and tlie.r
whola BtOpOflj in their trunka?and were tram
ferred to the QoMalfl. a oaptured harque of 4fxt
tuna, deiplyladeii with coal. In all more than
MO !>< rafloa were put on board thia llttle craf>,
whieh not only had no accommodationg for aurh
a iiumbor of periomt, but wm hardly lurro
crioiigli to allow thom standing room on l? k.
The pirnte neithor sont on board nor allowed to
Im- t.ikeii from the Adriatie any wator or provi
-ion", although the Buliote was two daya aai)
from New York. Overladen Aa she waa at firat,
tho 200 BOaaOBgan brought her decka alin?-i
nnder water?her bnlwarks not two feof ibofa
the pea. If there had been even a stiff -OflOBfl
and nhe had carried aall, the barque would in.vi
tablv have guna to tho bottom, whilo if ihl I I
favoivd vbith light windt and crept dowlj lii I |
to port, the chawva were that her BaaaoofOB
and crew would starve l,cforc they g.,t there.
Such was tho aliernativo whieh could BOl bOTB
esenpial the captain of thoTtillahaasee, i; b| (BfO
ii inoiiieiit's lO-BtOtMB lO tho ?itiiat;"i>, aha aaa
eloirly recJ_lo?a a-a t<> whether thewt two _B-k_fOi
ki-lplo-ts people came to a audd.-n and ternble
(Ifrtth.
Nor is thia the only illustration of I.'.-'-el rivih
xation aai liuifianily. Thero aro NOM tl.ir.g.
ahlah lnwful war roipoott; among tl.m Ught
llOOBBa. ehannel biinya, and pilot bOBtO?Bl
tioiis eaeh of them to lifo and comnmn e I -
nivor daatfojod axaopt by p;rnti*s. Oaa of t! ?
tirnt iMli of the Ri-hollimi wav tovi*lat>- tlui- BB*
dmatandlnf Tho Hght*boa_ae all ai.mg lha
BOBllaBB eoii.it were blown up, ar.d bOOJB werI
remov.-d; in aaaaa instaneot ev.-.i baCNa aai
proj il.-ilared, aad lOBf bafMO nnv nnti.'iial fl.-et
had Bppeofod off thaoi barbarai a:id aaaay
reaeOll there met a iiiir.eral.lo fale on re. f- |B
bant whieh they were l.-ft to evttitnt.lt- Brpaa, or
were even enti'-ed to BfffOB h?tl.ia OB lha -?']??
pnajtiaa thal Ihej tmixkt bo Varthara b
At leoat aoa Mtiah )Jiip wan artaaatad in Ihb
way. N"W thoTA_laBA_BOI ia faflTiiig out the
,iune policy by hoiiing piiot -OBta, t'lrnir.g one
into a pii.ite. nnd giving the otht-r lotha fluiiii"?
B moru enviiiblo Into. To appro<:i?itn thu pe
culiar iiifuniy of this, it mu*t be rem-?mbored
thut the rig, number and sigt,al af the JaatBa
Fineh are kept unchangad, fo thut hIio will in
(iillildy lure lato tha Talliihiw.fwi'a m-t what.'Vcr
raaaal appiooohao. lha iQaC bo?ta carry Iat1
BOaiban BO Ihab main-aaila that can be BBOB at
11 long dik'ance, and their fBMgol appearance
alta iiidieat-'a their character tt) I :cry iner.'lmiit
paaaaL Ta oaptaia a pHat baat H!i.l Btra hat
into h deeoy ia ju-i.t a- honoralile TBliajPI n4 ttal
o'her praitiaed by the BaOOla on lund, ofwear
ingniitionaluniforuia, and carryingtlie Staraau.!
Btripaa lato battla.
itiii.b 1. avmrAi iiiaina.
A eetiaaaaadenl af Thr Hmttmi, vt-ritmg from
llii'.fo.d. Pa., thus depieta tiie |iro-I{"b.'l prooliT<
ttlaa of a mnjori'y ef tho idlort colloeted ul that
BB-Baaa roaett.
"tBaaoaBiaooaaaaooa Brniwoa
ure mntlr up of two el ia,'". tot ir!iy b:o! |..illtlreI1y. TLe
fitat cl-.rt BM t'oar af I'ninn brBBfl aud arntimei t?,
v itli al! tii. ir ..tloi.li.it (lunr ijualitintuf Leait 11 nd taad.
I ho other abaa e.intiatji "f a ahabbr, ir. -,|*.n tii'l't and
ba oril.-r >f I'l.iiiid'IpLtn and Htlti'.ore ane?*aiuiitata,
<:tl.. r t,y hlood or Bbtnpithv. Tbi bMM BBMB l.-re leaa
t<, Imhibe tLeir faToriti .nlphttr wtier ttaa ta bahj a tr
iit.i. '. of frlet dt to tre j...'.. Ttaytea helnr- In n deoid
rd BBJurlty, a" tiao ih.'iiiailveB Ly bwwhMHag b::iI mia
bbIbb ihe tolorimt iniuorli) af tayalgeMlaaba and latlo-t
? -baTi BQBiketi brtl itaaefil ef th.-ir kialtk Aad.
in fa. t. to iiuh a drjrr.-a i!iaa iliia BoaBtaM tanntliiir af
Ika TTahmlaa atleaa tbai t?<? largM pmlba ..f their i
?amHtarkaaabaea awaadawiplabtOm t-i eaiirwi \k*\ ,
Mttaraata and Fiij.erior r,nml.rr* of tLeir enoniica. '
"UKMiUAI. itJBLI..
"The rotoluot af tJrni.r.il llirll hti ab'. 1^-an ahame
fn! to |ba tnott I'lt.'-me dat;rea. If bl no haBacsaf
irTMinal revja't t, ont i.f ro ;vr.l f..r t! e fateM .hou i, , .
Liin Ly t!.'- gi>TerB_BMt, it voald t>a inom haaaMlag b ' ,
kmii nloof fr..i:. the BMtaBlaatlng uiBj.nty af aueit.
nt I.. .ll.iid Bprlaga Ii'it ad, iu.wev. r. ef .1- 1 ..u: thit. *
ln- ie. ? iv.-alielr fl:.tt.-ri.-B. RppbaM andcorlaLli, nmt
ia t!.a her.. ol thr tSBBM umot / a crowd rho would land
Aaythlng Ihatvaald gyapelktai aud ald i.uu.Lritt.> '
ti.. j party. (
"VATI"?4l. i-A-r nAT.
"f)n thia orfi.tdnii tn.' BBtageBbm af Ika ptaflBM at '
hi'l'd to pteeanlrl Hat-lf ln a ttlli m'.rt- atskioi,' waaarr t
tt WU propoBed b) tho l.'n|.,i,Ut? t?. a.-l a.iiie ll..- I all
foi th.it eveniug. eud uianif...: aoBM lagad for t!ia day P
in iin't ul*. 1 in- MeaaateabU, hearta| thit. nt bb a .1
were iiuaii'.inotitlr tn fnTi.r flf th.. Ii.ill, ai d wlmn the,
h'.ur eame tl.e BBBflM atrut-k np and tl.e lar.-r \., ,.t on
wiih BBBB ri"or Bfld eiitl.uauwm tlum on an. Mbcf a
nlirl.t of tho Brn.on. It ia unueciajniar) ta add th_i ll? v,
Unloiuata wem u..t pre.ei.i."
?Such is tho apirit in whicl: thestrngglo of
the Republic for lifc ia viewed by 1 large pro
portion of thoRo who call theiurtelvesDemocriitii
and gnimblo at the slow progrcas of he War for ?
the Union. Who doea not know that theaw t(
lUaaemblers would bitterly deplore Muccesriion *
of victoriea whieh would cniih the rebel forcoa a
and ovorthrow tho laat vehtige of aiued revolt
against tho National aulhority t l
Mra. Wm. Koyea Iluward ha,a booi "ontenoe.l c
l.ya inllittry-omnitaaion tu be reunTeya beyond tbe
IM 11 lii.ti fur tranimitLUig ountraband kfur-iation tu .
tvixoit, a
f lol.I-bTBA FIOrYS TO TBB DAMfO
l-rft-lAIt WAB.
I. Tbe l-t>-rnlli-at mri.uiarlnlli.tt wf Ibr DnLe
afAaiaiiraberi..
IiiiuifJiittcly treaf tlie inangunition of tho Caslno
Miniitliy in O-OMLkAIMj in 1848, in which tho
two Dt-rilft MfcaaMM, i)rla ItBBMM and Mon
rad, oceur.ioil BBBlttaMl tho Daniah Oov.rumcut
Mi/ci! .11 tbo rcal and pernonul proporty of tho
Dakfl of Anguatmburg on the Islo of Alaen. JPlfl
tf the m"?i prominont dtical oiril ofTneri woro
tukon [iilaoaan and cnrried off to tbe lale of Fttnon.
Dani?h etBBB-Bl woro rippointod, flnr! therhical f-oa
UtalflB aan iMJkfldlfM and treatod HBconfiwated
proporty. A11 iirticlce of vrhtc and ell borsoa
t,. lOlfilg bl U"' Dnko'B renowned attidi worotaken
to CtTfxraiilfM, waatl tho Kinp Ibbbbb tlie moht
raloabta tidtaala t<> hisown atud, aclling the reot
nt pi.blii: uik..-ti>iii. Appar.-utly aahatned of ilirtx.s
|l| cf ptoportj tlitis obtaincd, lt waa nicrtcd that
Ibfl BfllM t..ok alatt imdcr tho sanction of the
oirncr.
| m ttMOJ the ritatos of tho Duke, nittiatcd on
tho.SclilcHuiir f'oii'incrt, tlirvaaiiio proceduro U?^
place, vilier. in lH.rn\ tho Daniah trix.p-, aftor the
battN af Id-t'dt, occL-pi'al tho largoat portion of
tlna DuChr.
Aitkoagb rli-rinir tkoooToral armiBtioeiandiubrtc
qnrntly wkOI Amtrian nnd I'ni-siiin forecw occtj
plod tbo Du-hy of flolatcin, thi) Dnko ftditnaae.1
?hc Prucian and Ku?ttiA_i Oovcniuionts and tho
(,- ri.iui HuiH.cBtaR to catiio a n-aturntion to him of
Mf MOBMlJ. ItlQ Dllltk florornment remained in
pOOOOMaM f'f it, condcoling Iti uianajreiin-nt as un
(iiiin rned'y aa ouly a lawful owner could liavc boon
cri-.ict.-(l to do.
Tii" ji'.irrioao of all thlo waa 00-10,11. It wns
bop "1 1" 40] rlre the Dnko of all meam of mhaist
eneo nud to eftVrre him into a atibminoiion to Pnniah
lotrnUoRB, the Duke boing the only Individual in
Kcliloiwig whose property wai confiroato-1, altliongh
rluring the whole period of tho war he had occu
pitai no offico eitlior of a ciril or a militaty cliarao
tcr, btil lire.l quietly aml retired in the Pucliiee.
Roon aftor tlie tenninatlon of the war a'ter.ipt*.
wera iiia.lo Bf rclotlTea and noquaiiitatiecB of tho
Dtik" in ('orv-nbngrn, to bbbbM him to mako appli
catlon to tbe King of Dcnmark for a roitoration
of Mfl tBBMBbBiad eitntea. Whcn theso attenipu
prov. d ahortlT.-, the Dnnish (loverninent, gfttf
hjii-ingf Birnnd the Warx.iw BfBtaaet, cTpr-roanl the
ilo-iire that tkt Klng of Fntiaia ahould act aa n
inedlafor bflgWOM it and tho Dnko Bf AagBBBUaMrg
ln PBMflJ to (hc Intundcd reatoration. Aeconliiiir to
a tiiaalfltlai of tho qnot.-d profoeol, thn Poitfll
(Jovernn.rnt hnd ohli-rial lticlf ba procure tho |W*
unnciiitiiti of th" Duke of Augutronbitrg.
The Ki'if of Pnitaia onBoritiently catneil bii
mo-lintlon lakt off-'red to tbe Duke ln Autnmn,
'.'.I. Tbo Ini lur, b,avinj? aoeopted th? Kiii.f'i projvo
mI, 1I< rr r-ti Mant.-tiiTol ftben 1'rimc Minl?t,-rto
ti" Kii.*; r.f Pnatil) BtMMy.Bliflfl' nn Inritatlon
lo l! .- Pnk? f-> rmnvt-re hn rtgktt nf tarrvidoa j'-r
>in -./'(" wtt it t,> wt wttifJUtttm -'ly rS-m.
'lo thi'th-Dnko aniwered in wrltinf, that he..
fat* h- rl fral.l enter into any ncjr?tlati< na in rc<ard
t-- 1,1* riaihti of ain-ec.ajiion, he mtiit rlmm?
I. A fi'itor-tioii to him of I.ii uatatee, or at leaat
f.aTini-iif of all p fMBM derivi^l PfOM thcin, and
II Noiflin.-vfion rifi ttm part of Pruiiiu and Den
mork of Mtkarftaal n?ent* to noirotiaU) with an
a^ent nomiiat. -d t,y khMtV for an arranircmout of
the rruvtter nt iritie.
To whi, h MefT TonMantenfTel rearvond.-d that the
4ettSt\Jt tf&t f)iken?ilti BOl /oe?-rriafri/./,aifi4'r.-ia
f-,7. v taBfrBBB rnmpnrtt. If Ifia HichneM. lioWTcr,
wouid ih. ua a derlaration, oontaiiiinz a reiitini ia
t' ?-. afkta rlirlitiof aueceaalon, the I'nuaian (ior
oraaaMki tjayali endnaror to procoro a aultahle
1 lt in refi-rn.
Tka D'Ae'n ajiiwer to thia waa that he did not
f.i 1 bm ->-lf in a ronditlon to enter Into 770 y trnn-i
aetioM (-'.aliiiir tho queation of inece.iaion in
IVkMwff Hlatatrll. nntil Denaiark MaWaM hare
tloai to tl.at aflbot, and Im aMa-'ireiBted
tlllal xcinency aiiirbt eauae bjmj| pr-HHiiitioni
t- '?-.
i Dakfl BTMHttl that th* Daniah flovernment
Woal 1 'ii no way take any at-'p ln thia din>cli"n,
Ikfl 1 t't' r 1 grtlg often declarod that it di-1 not gB> ,
knoala.!,-" t It., ri-ht of BMMOBiM of the Duke ill ,
S el 1.---A it--1I< -Irtto'iii. \\\\ tho prodnction ofthe
Dako*tMlltwMfl-MikaTmilgbOM Bbtda ol.liamtory
upon tl.e Iraarloi SaaaraMaal bf IM Wurminr faate
c.l. lt ia ..tivioiiM that lktaOaMr_M8Bl wonld rather
?BBJ it ap'-ear aa if tkt fVaOBMB 0 "crnment, in
order to pro. tirn tho Dtik" an equivalent, kod in
dvrfii f-e Inlttr tn iitne An aBBBBWMkOa.
In ll-rlin theiotrickaof Datiiuh diplouiacy do not
ino-ni bi hare tioon revofiii.od iti aiieb, l.ut t? hnvo
?OM IMBrrol and acl.-d upon iii fftoi futh. Th"
Duke'a pn-Buniptiou. hoanv.-r, BfBfal t., aaro BBM
tOTFaBe. The Dnniih (JoTerniin-iia pajlaaMl l| ii.uk"
[irop.i-iti-ini, t>e?caiian it wonld bfl * tit-tcl WOfM
thau tkt Dike, if he ihould n<?t accj-t it* proi-.*i-,
tioni.
Hnviiie th'i*. becomo convineed iti Cop-nh.iar^n
tliut in ri'irnrd to tho OMMMbkB BOtklag could ba
ai-ci.mpliil."'l,nn^(itla1i'4na were apoaid tor 11 trani
fcr ofthe Dnko'* MlabM t? Ika DbiIbI trawA
Hcrr Ton HMkaaM BMflll a ooiiimcniciitiuii to he
iimdc t" tho Dul.e that the DaMihloovernnieiit wai.
r.'iidr (?' r-rv MB nn riwna-i/ 8B8B, r/itttl to the
MWaaM tf hit eofiffi, proptdi-tl kr trnt.l I tr,ni'fi T
thete ftatet, at mmtioHfJ ahnr, aiil thit nrt?u,r>,
roii/f hf tncreatrtt in tatr of tt MMMriMfiaa cf
hn rightt of iHCffttnn. Thia Vgg a deciil.dl.v
now jihaso of tho qtie.iti'.n. Tkll far n r.Minn
intinn of Mt ri^hta of tMOOMtBI bad BBM
he point ln dlepnto,- i.ow it uan loteadad lo M?
rotiate aliout the Dii-p'b Mgabal, which had ii-.tli
BBJ to do with hia rikthta of iiicceiaion." Tho ;
Diik". nirntloninn ttiii in hiianiw.-r.nddetl.lbat n!l ,'
,,- I.ml Ifl iaV WM' whenrvcr lm gkMM n-ally eti'i-r''
nto anr nrrangement with tho Doriiih Oov. rn- '
nont, the lint conilitn.n on bii par! wonld BO to
-T-r for all titno to oome any and OTMf OOOkMOAiM '
rith th" D.'iniili (loTernnicut.
A atmrt timo afterward Iferr ron MuntetiiTcl :
otiied tho Dnko to be notili.d that tho Dui:ihh|'
;,,\eniii"'ntotTored to nay a cortain uiui f??r tho j'
iiu'iil eittttfs. fTMBtba Duke larlfllaJ th" BMB i ?
o bo entirely lCKdiqiint" to tho vnltio of UgM
.ii.eiilonB, he waa ii"ti(ied thnt lt had IaM
I-. .lend alao Id CorMiiilinfren that tho auui ofTored I
raa loo aruall, and the Daniah flovertiinent wonM i
non prcai-nt another tiigiior bid to the Duko. I
V?i k aficr week paiacd n ithout lirirginr this fur- I
li"r projaiiltloA From an indircct aonrce tho ?
i.ik'i Iciirned, lioiu ior, that tho Daniah (lov
ruuient, turged by Iltuaia and Eiigland to ofifer c
riipiiiitiuna rcgarding a ajKedy and Cnal arrange. a
1(.nt witb tba Duko, had doclarcd ita ?illiii(n.eM t
ydaigo; prorlded Dtnmark thottld be tiliinted to i (
mftatir thf trhole of tht Dukf'l Ifvuettfrttt fkmwQt) [
itate, in rnteof a refmal of tuch propontwni. t
Kunior hn it that Kuiaia and England grautod 1
tiiB (leii.and to Denmark
lu the lattor part of March, 1R5'.?, tho Duko re
I'iv.-d a lettor from the Kiog of ItumIb, datod
?ITera the Jtaaka, f5nternnu-.it, ln IU cumlntr. might
ln..-at renilnd the rradi-rut tbe trtabaUB, B l.o. in bm ing
ct.t, waa aiij-iot-i to aooure Ut* uar? tutu Um bauuui-v.
Marrh 26, in whieh his Koyal Majenty enrfldod to
his Highneaa that ere long tho DnnisTi BflaBOflllioafl
would bo forthC-mirg, and he adviaod hiui moat nr
ICt-ntly ho areopt theao proposltiona, bb, in ca" of
rufnsal, bo (tho King) could not do anyLhifiR fur
j ther for him. At the samo time the Duko roceivod
i a aiuiilar lotter from l'riiice Albert.
Under dato of March 31, tho Prtiseiiin EBlllBMB
idoratthe Buuduatug oominuuicalod to the Duke
tke Dauifth propee-iUon* iu writing.
AccordinR to theae propoBitlona, the (.ovcrnmont
'at CopeabafM off.-red to pay hy inata'lments tothe
' Duke of Au(ru8tonbur(r, f?r all hia family e.tates ia
Behloawig, tho round aum of 2,250,000 thalem, pro
j vided the Duko would promi_e in his and tho name
Of hia fatnlly:
j ?' Arrer and nnder tio riretrm'tmret to rtjrnnt' th* 'no*
\ kiirk' (ALLKBHoOHWIBri, I. e. KOVAI.) rrtolrtirmt rrkard
1 ,; v Mr orrfrr uj r. rrrmian fur all la.tlr *t vrrttur ueiii
\ undrr tkt trrpttr of kit Mnjutty tkt K<ng af Vcnmark, vt
tn rnnttul oryaniuuion of tht tnimarchy."
? Thia propoHition was fafltgaated by the Dnnihli
fJororniiiivnt aa an ultiinatntii, for tho aeeeptiince ot
reftiaal of whlch fotir weeka were allowod the Duke
: for con?idrration. If in thr conrte nf tht* *Mp*i
tmttd l.mr the propotition thnvld noibt acrrptrrl,
thr Danith Orwernmtnt vould contidrr tti'lffre,
from aryfurthrr obmeatton.
I The question ariaea uow, What enn l*o tho meen.
ing and purportof the declaratiou deinnniled to bt
U'.aile by the Dukef Tliat abovo all it doei _x?l
eontain a renuncialion of auy right of euoco?io_
niuat be .-.elf-cTidint toevtry ono, for no moutiorj
eron waa ma<lo of tho righta of nucceaaion, much
lesa af their renttneiation. The Duke is required
to promlftc, in hia own and tho name of his family,
not to opposo reaolutiona in regard to the order ol
aMBaaaaaa, i. 0., fo rrr-ain ent'rely pottive. The
tir.u " fanxly," uaed h.re, ia obviotialy a Tery
vAbfuc ono. Aro the children of the Duke meant
hy it, oralao the Diiko'a hrother and hii chlldrcD,
aa well as all conaina of tho Duket All morabers
of tho dueal family wore of tbfre at that time. Nei
ther waa tho Dnkoroqtiired to prociire theirconient,
nor waa he ablo to jtuign for himself whieh ix-rnoim
| were ineludid In tho indeiiuiio term "family."
Tho whole proTroiltion of tho Daniah G<iv.niu.eiit
waa iaafgaal aa ao ultiiiiatum, and acconling to
the coinmuiiieation to the Duke, he aaa ex
peet.-d either to oeoopt or n jo-t the propoaition
aa a wkolo. Whother the niotnb.-ra of thl D'ike'i
'*f,tmtlti" wnnld coimider theuisolvei bound hy B
dedaration ef the Duko, whieh ho waa reqtiired to
mako flrithaat their baawa-dga and ftdoporibtion,
traa, iind.-r prevailin* cirrui'ufaiice-, BB him not a
matti-r of conaidorution. The oonaequencM hare
been ilntt th.- Duke'a brnthnr, aa well as hta oldeat
BBB, IM not conai.ler thoir ligbta affrctod by that
d. < baallna af Ibaif hrother an.1 futher, and, m a
mnttrr'.f eourtv, hare proteat.d -trninrt the new
oni-r of BBNaaaatoa aa-peaad hy Deaaaarh lu rcg.*rd
tu i!"..*- Itt. !?"?? cf -Bbtaearaj and TTolsteln.
Adjoiii.-d to the Danish propogittnns wns alrttor
af tbe l'nisaian KinbuABH.Ior nt the Bundentag to
tho Dakl af Aiiifua'onhiirir, ln whieh >?*_: eTpreaai-d
m (ho 'J nii.-at terma tha'.accordiiig to the retpdred
d'Hilnnttion, the Duke diJ not rmounrr his right
of flB-OB-BKBa, bnt tnorv-ly prontitrd not to arlranre
ln rtaitft* upon tt. In BBM of uu oxtinctioii of the
niale linr of tbi I'rineo of OMMabOBJi Ihe doolnra
tionof the DukeBhoiil.l, nion-ovrr, lm unpivj ..'.i'.'ial,
and flbaald not alT.-.-t Iba el.iiuiB of hia homo.
It haa aln-ady baea BtflBai thut tho Kiag of
PraBBBI ard Ptinee Albert had Bdrlfled Ihe Duke in
l.'ttora tttidi r th. ir own haiid to MOOOl Iba D.nls!.
pnipotitinn. TOgatbea witli the eominuuientioii af
thapropoaitt'in tatbe Duke. the Klngof Pruaniaonee
tnon- adtiar-d the Duke. thro'i;*h hia Pinbiiaudor,to
aeeopt th" propo?i!ir>n, na (.therwino thero wou'.d tn
riK.ni fur ,*,k trrntunlitir, only at tt rc>uld Le the
m.'if litrly t-ith of hu M'ljrttii thr ICittf to prrrcnt.
Kri.ru otberaoureoa the Duke h.nl Im.-oii ii.firiii.ii
that otlie.r iiifliiiititutl pBfBaae lia.1 uinde BBBBBrba
luii'.ntuk ii.iy laflaattagtbai bf bo -b-eddaataa*
cpt th<- prtipoaitiiiti, lii.-ui h ivotil.! la- IBM rted to
whieh nii;r,ht eventuully Ihi of v.-ry BBrloW aoaab
faaaeaa i<< bia wboto booao. Tiio Cftandly adriM
af tba Kim; of PraaBta bIbbb wav laabalaal pcaof t...
Ibfl Duke tbai _bl8 lapatt we.a r.ot ei-.iirly un
fbaadedi Ha tb n hma laaUed t<? Bhaaaa abe auiall
er af twa I'vila. In n l.-ttor to Ibfl l'nia.i.iii l-.'in
haBiador at tho llitnd.'stag, dated I-'ntnkfort, April
m% Um\ th" Duko fcaaxrad that:
"BBbiagk Ika kum offar.-d him for hia ea'atea wbb
muiii betaw tli.-b i-ttu.l rilue, ahleh, aaeefdlBg ta a
?abbdaed apaetal laxMba, aaMaatod to t.7XX>.onoi
Ihnrrra. aftar a aajaalba af byaal-aaaaBd .i.-iria be
fo.in.i h-aeelf aaaBttkalBMJkraaa ta aaaeal taa -babkl
raopoMiba la Ita iemi BeMflaaababd b hfaa, Mta^
/..;/? atraratftmyttwUUtttmt/ttt DanUh Qtm r,,m.nt'i<
i .r J Kim."
Iu tl.o mean tiino tha D'ike PAfB-BtadHal-OB*
aiuii BaabaaBBaVa tonotity bia l-Ofeiaiaaal of thal
at-i'opt.ini-e ..ii bia purt <>f tho IbBklflb pr.>|)oaition. I
Iu Oapaahaoaa they BRpeatad ta baaa raeataail
fn in tha Daba aaaaa aaawai ___hfaal _raoio-B-io|
Bcceptaaae oud a aB-lacatlaa,wHah, la fbBBB aa.
w, 11 M BM?ui,iiia.'l did not flbgatf/ lntieh. Thut thisj
vaaaa,aeaiaa k. ba afljaal traoi Iba dmI tha; i.ii.-u;
tl.e DaBiab JTwIaaMflor. Cooal do BtUo*Brahaj
].n -.-iii.nl tho l)unii?h pru|x)8itinn to tii" Pri.tBiitn
OoTeraBMet, ha trlad ta ladaee lha Dabotagtaa
bia dafllBPBllflO l0 a BOBBBWkol tlitT. r.-tit fonn frotn
t'.nt in whieh tho propotttiia wua BBBBa to ttio'
Daba
Ity t! e Dtik.'ri lafdarattOB in Brtit-Bg to ti'-oi-pt
tbe pi"i^ Mtiaaa ittkk, tbe eiul.'iivt.r- af ihe Daalah
Kt.ihn4Midiir wert- tutullv frt:*tr,ited.
Tbe D.i.it.'i QofBiaaaal had, tbreagb tbe l'ma
ii:tn (invorti: ii'iit, ppoB-_wd to n fuiul ta tl.e* Dnkoi
i!l r.-vi-'iu. t ??> hiui unpi i.l fruiu hii ittAt.-a u.i BBBO
Bba aaoldaaoept tbe Dtti.ir.li prepoalUota Tiiia
Modltioa, bowvvTer, **'as t:ot maipltad attb. Wbaa'
ho PraBBiaa CbvyeraaBaat, __o_i*-I_bj t<> ika Daker'a
nqaab, aiBjad upon lha Daalah Qaaana-atal tho
laeaMlij af IbtttHag laai BtaaalaO| tho btbale-Bfl
>f Koroi_-n Afl'uiiTi, Mluhio--, d. eliirod: Althrm^h j
;,i e.ii.l I i.ot deny that tbifl pr..uiiso waa |tfB8a
ho Duiii,h Wal-ttf tor Beh-BBwIg Coiiiit Karl'
doitko, iii.i Hut iii'i'iu U-BBBlf boood ty it to|
? .fi.nd tho anoura of the Duke's rev. mea. The
ViiKnian 4?<>*ortiu-.i-at uu-n-Iy B-BUBBBlaatai thia.
iiinwer to tlnt Di.Lo, without fj.-ling ealled upon to
ippoae thia aeglaat af daty oa Ibe part ef aaa afj
be e.'.'.trantiug parti.a. The Duke !,nl to wait
in.ther year until thorio arroara, in u'.l juatiee duo
o him, were rofunded.
In tlu- Daalah ultimatum, the King of Donmark
nrther pr.miiBod to noniinate, laaaMdlaMf after
ta u.i. [ititiie.e by the Duke, an authorizod atfetit to '
BeaUata with hia liighnoiB about tho trni..-f"r of
ln- htttor'e n.l estate, and the delivery of hi.t uiove
hle property.
In tho month of July, PriTy Couns.lor Garliob,
amo from Copenhagen to Krankfort, provided with
powor of uttorney, aignod by the Kingof Deu
lark, and cotintenignod by Count Karl Atoltko.
.'otinselor Oarlieb, according to the contonta of hia
ower of attonioy, was aent to Frankfort to con
iuue negotiationa with tho Dukoof Auguatenbarg.
Ie brought with him from Copenhagen alldocu
leuta uud inatrumentu r.udy mado, with tho King'a
ignntnro attached to thom, whereaa theae papora
u^'ht to hnvo been dntivti tuhtrutuntli, tot'le ueiftb* j
iatious for whieh ho was aeut to Frui kt'ort. Thly i
Batahtad, -Baaaaaor, dliaw Btipolatloaa n"t im-m-|
Tuund in tho yioyoiition ad.'.'ed bj tlMj i -0. |
Amottg ottiera, that tho 2,^,000 thalera with Intar
eat, to bo pald by iutallmente by tbe Danlab
(tOTeninioiit, ebould be nuado a feqffnunt ta iraab
Had tho Duke aceoded to thia, tha couftc-quoaaa
wouid bavu beoa that tho Daniah (lorernmont
wouid hare claiued adminiatrntion of the monor
aud pald tiio Duko only tho unnoal inloreat. Ka
sjxxting Uiii and aeTeral other points, the Daniah
r -a.-nt dec-Ltrod, the ooutenta of acta slgned by tha
Kingcoiild not be altorcd. Aakod by tbo Dnko
to dotennine in writing obout which pointa he waa
authorized to negotiate witb him, thia royii_-anlhor
i/.'d agent waa obliged to doclaro tbat ho bad not
lioon authorized to negotiate with the Duke at ail,
but eommittioned only to reretve tho Dukv't tig*>
'ur ai to all documontd drawn up, and aLready signeg
by hi? royal rnaater in (Jopenhagon.
Tban priraotliiiga of tbo Daniah OovemiOMt
display tbeir own charaoter, and nocd no ftirtkn
coiuip'-nt. The non-authorized authorizod aarc-ntra
turnod to Copenh-Afoii witbout baving acu.mpiiab
cd anything. Leaviug Frnnkfort, Lo eaid he in
toiidcd to go back to Copcnhftgen to rt*oeire oaa
inatructions, hoping eoon to rcturn. As uothiaf
furtbor M-ii.4 dono in the tnattor, tbo Duko had agria
-j to artply to the King of I'niHeia. liia MnyMty
furthu itb ordored his Miuiator Pruaident to caaM
tbu Diiui.ib Gorornmcnt to comply with all oonifA
tions grantcd the Duke ; tnore (.-Np<-cialiy to drap
tho stipulation .boat tmiking Uie parchan n.oaay
a fijO-Tuicnt in trunt. After tnany nogotLotloao,
Count Kari Moltke's obatinacy, whioh wm at tba
bottomof all tbon olncacci, wn dcftaUxl, aad
fiually tbe docutuents, although drawn np fa
Copoubagcn, were aignod by tbe Duke, Dccembor
31, 18W. Not UU IhM did tho Dauiab Oororameat
aaa for flre rears' arrears of rerenue 200,1)00 lhalon
to the Duke, although thtasumwaarjuchlyelowtha
amount whioh ougbt to have been ptiid. ThoM
docunionti, prcpared in Copcnbagon.bowerer, ooa
tained a clauae that tf ihovld not be lanf.it OT
ath the Ditnxth Gotvrrment to render oceonnt Jwr
tht rerenitei eotUcted from the Dural etlatm.
Unable to cope wiUi, aud dwtitule of all moana ta
protaxit Iiiinself again.it all theae dictutes of arbi
trarineei, the Duko bad no choiee left, and quiellf
Bii'iinitted. But new dllTicultin arose Tcry tvooa.
Tho Duni.h Oo-oruinent reftisod to pay tbo p*tr
chaec-inoney for tho Diical eetp.tea ta co**. pra
poiing reJetmnlie bondt icstcad of it.
Tbo Duko (Xinaonted, provi.ted they were u.ao4
in a certain fonn aud mado payalle lo Uarer.
Although tbe Danisk Embaa-atdor in Fni-kfort,
inpreaoncoof the PnLBirtn Kmbarvaaalor, who bad
nk.il for auch declarnttoo, had prooouuced (bat lu
Oovernme-nt eowtenUd to do to, thie, hi*- stateutont,
v%a ditovotted ln C-oponbegcn, and Count Karl
Moltke porautod in isauing tbo loonili in fltich a
fortn m wouid have njn.urod thein ftwjtwft\t) %%?
tnlable,
Again tho Dnke bad to iind ta ttent to C?pe|.
h i ;.-n, wbo, afair)'. ?! br the "Miuister of KiuttdUB,
Count Spoaneck, aucccrded in arian-'ing niattoia
bo far that ti-.'-.l'y, iu S ??.(.?u-Lm :, 1853, tbe bonda
wero djlivured to the Duke ia tt* form <l<Mimt bf
bim.
Tbe abore ia a BUUirrront of facta on which tha
Daniah Government baaea ita aaaertion that tba
I Dnke of Anguatenburg baa for hiinnlf aod faiiill/
I ranouuced hia righta of aicceesion in Scbleawig*
Holatcin. The Duke baa, aa far oa waa ia hia
| powor, fulfUlcd what be promiied; be b*va, iudocatt,
I not optHvecd tho new ordor of succoaaion vherj hia
1 dccluration ovcn bad, ia a logal point of vlew, loat
ita validity, the Daniah Goremment not liavlnf
fuliillod the eii liiun under which U. wan imuJa.
1 hia condition waa, n abore statcd, tbat all hia
ni'.raltfo proporty ahould be reatoreot to him. Ta
theao iii..vi-*li!.'.4 bolonaf,, t>f oonrac, all iiionoy-ila
I.-. j. --?--? i:i b i mt tbo war. ilo owncd hi-od*
si-brahlo eapital acoumuUtod from tlie tithe* of
the i li'in-hi's on the Islo of Alien, the Intcroata otf
wj.ich wore dev-,t- d to charitable ptiiT-faiioa. Tbir
i a; :Mi, ill tho BMBBBBJal aillOUUtillg to ru Ilic .rBi,00|
thalen, had bceu d.rcUrud private priporty of tho
Duke even by the Coponhagon koyal Chanoory by
i'adociiii',') in a law auit hoaaabta M Lio ni^lia.-w.
NovcrthulcBi, tho Daniah Oorornmont tiaa, iitulM
1 ntext that tln.1 oepital did n-.t bolong U> tha
Duke, but to the Church of Alaen, rotninod tha
monoy which it atill rcfoe.^ to refund. Tbo fot
lowing, thcn, is a ehurt rtSiumo of tbe prtvcdiiif
exjioatliou: Under thrtatt of conftc<it>.in of tht
Ihirol ett'ttfi, and by Aittjrttrefit! t'rckt of nH
kmdt, the Dantth Governmciit hatfirord the Dtkt
nf AugtttribHrfr >?> rrrrme fn all h11pottetotont
kalf thrir vt'te, rtn-i io tign a dectaration trhirk
the Dultr, at ftW at vat ta httpover, hat t '-f'lf
fulflh-A, rokere.it tke. Danith Cforernment h it mot
fuljiilrd tlu coHntt-r f.>'t</-fio- tnade Wt) the, Dnke af
Autruttcnb'trg.
In conclnaion, aitmioiA tbe followin.;:
At tbo C'l'iMnhmgun I.igralag, iu u\fL\ durarga
diaciiMiou abutit the uuw law of aucwaaiori, wtioa
tbe qu.'rttiou waa raiacd whctlu-r the Dnko of Ab
guntenhurg t.a-l reno'iucod hi_ ri^hto and claimaol
tMMMaB in tbe Ducbiea, Oon>t*all auavkfix-J Uiat,
" The Duke Aa_t BBf POSfBaOPdj no p.nunciaUoa
had b""P. aiked from hii-i, ba tho (rnvtrniiieiit dA
not acknowl.'ilgo hia ria,ut of auiHmje.iioii, which, by
p.irlicipnting la tbu Scblr-awig-Holstcin revoU, ba
hud forfeiUal f >r evor."
In contralii'tton to tbia atatemont, tho Dan
i.ili (lovornmont -taffliad offi^a/t* in I/?r.d?n. wbem
tho Iioudon l'rotovol waa Letng aigncd. tbitt fAa
/>i.A<> HAD rrnouncfA hit rightt of surcit*ior>.
No furtbor tfaiMM ttMM.tl kl BOodol tf aW#
that a aliniiicful iltligM Iioa Im-i-n onact.d by Don
ltiurk to dica'ieu tka wnrM in rogiird to tkfl coarao
|M of tho Duko of Augurtlojtiburg aud kifl iulationo
to har.
ln tho BtaMBt artictu we havo tricd to MJ Im
I"..-.- BBX r.i iilorwfacta ah-.winfjto how iiinny and bow
ic-.i-ro griuvanceii aml tribiilittiotiatbo luwful ette?
ttjtgtM fa tlie Dtic^l Crown hi Schlcawi^.|li,tit4>ia
wna forcod to Htibmit by a j>ortidiou*, uaurping (lor*
ornineut of a uoigiibor aUito. Wo ahual eotlcikrorto
prabBBt in a aiibaequont article Ikl-MAgfapJI o
Schleawlg-Ilolatoin dtiring ita jveraoniil unioo wttb
Dciimark from aaooiaJ.iluauiaikl aud national puiut
Of VWVT. _ *"?
The aapply wt ** -BMBJ ia Ika fiiy.
Tho protmcted drottth baa dimtuiabeol tbe aiipplf
if Croton wiilor in the city to auch an exteut tliat,
n-oii iinv in iti uie ahall bocotno a lnattor of u a-. a
tiiy. Iu ordor tu fiiriuah tbo tiro hydranta witb
forking jajwor, aud affurd an bbMbBbb] __MJf |B tho
ippor floora of dwollinpi and otbor buililinjra, whera
rator ls unod, the re-erriers inuat b^ kept BBBfa*
iill. Now the presrat yicail of tbe Croton river ia
.7,000,(lW i>er day, whilo tho daily ronaumption o.
ratcr hero ii eeiimatad nt 3U,l>Vi,4lOO, caivaing
lofleioncy (if IJ.OIO.OOO gall-rn* oach day. Ecunomf
n the uacof Watoria thorelbre callod for, it ahirulJ
lotbe aJiiiwiyl to " run to wnto" ln batha, aot
raah-bowla ar in watonug gardeni and w.i.i!.: :??? aida
rolks._
rmuldlera ia VaOT ia Bhul' g.taadl.
TlOVII BVOBJ, bjBga 'ai.
!{'inlc I-lftnd votnl to-dtty uix'ii tl.ivc PPifB"
hitii'iia 10 B43BM34 tbaConitltutiiMt of tboSlate, vi/.' *M
Mifia lu ti te; to Kktend BUtflBlC- i" 0*1 ifali-M
c'.\: ?*: , iii 11 iie b ivci! in tkOWari loaholfahll ore<
iattylai T..i. loturm. N fkr. tadM-M tbat Ut f Bft
all i,'i io' .U.

