THE CABLE.
Further information respecting the Great Eastern acd
the Atlantic cable is brought by the steasasb.p Mortr'.an
from the vague, disconnected telegraphic nummary
transmuted to us, it would seem that tbe break in tbe infulatiou
of Ibe wire which occurred on the 2Ulb or July,
tad occasioned so much anxiety, was speedily ropa rtd
At noon, on tbe 2d of August, tbe Great Eattern
bad paid out twelve bur.dred miles of catJe
8be bad accomplished two thirds of her talk, aud had
(cached ibe deepest wa'.er sc.:ndiogs, sb?w.ng a dep.li
of twenty four hundred fatbems. Dp to this point all
rent well, but suddenly her signals to the shore bs
tame unintelligible, and then ceased aKogaibar. Njthcg
tnore bad been heard of tbe big ship aod its valuable
freight'up t'J the 4th Inst., when the Mora/an ia.'sd
|Frora tba fact that tbe operators on board tbe Great
' Xastem continued to work tbe batteriss after in>u.a'.<on
bad become Impaired, it Is argued that tbe acc'.iect,
^hitfver it ma* be. has occurred to tbe eab'o aod not
m the Great Eastern. Tbe leviathan ibp iru
epared for all emergen:lea that could oscar
P the cable, and tbe word result that is
^iticpated from tbia tblrd bitch la that tbe color
Jriae may bava to bs deferred to anotn?r anmmer Tba
proofm of uaderruDOJDg is so verv alow that ualeai tba
defect turned out to be very oear tba vessel tbe cai.e
people would probably buoy up tbe end as far aa It waa
laid and return to England to avoid any risk of f)nl
Veiibir.
Considerable e*citcm?nt and speculation as to tbe fate
ot the cable prevailed in London, which waa aggravated
by tbe telegraphic wires from Valentin bs'.ng o it of order
Within a few days tbe insurance ratea on tbe cable
had been doubled. Still all hope or a UMiMiful accom- I
gklisbment of tbo undertaking had n3t been aiaalocei,
BC'-iq- that tbe original ?1,000 te'egraph sbsrss wbi:b a
few. mootbs ago were almost worthless, w??e ?.i;ng in
* ibe London market oo the 3d inst at WO to 500.
EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE.
Tli? Montreal company's steamship Morarao reached
father Point yetterday, wub advisee from Europe Otc
days later.
Tbere la oo political newa of importance.
A lettrictive apiJem c prevailed among cattle to tho
oeubboib jo! of London, and msaaurea had bees taken
by the government to prevent Ita further spread.
Jeremiah Townirod, a dark in tbe Sew Hmen^av
|DC< Btck. CODOCCllCJl, WOO, 11 IS tociuveu w
Europe, va Havana, taking with h m oce luoJrrd tbau 104
dollars of the bank fool*, bad been arrested Id
L<varpoc1 Qv Philadelphia defective*, and ail the attu'ti
money, wiih the e?:e|.i'.on af ooe tO)ucaod dc>.ara, was
louod upon bim.
Lbiird Stales Ave tweoty bonJa had at'tl furtb*r de61'c^
J to 88 la the Loodcn m joey market on Ite 4'.h
lost American cotton was down HI pti poacJ, ai d
?ib?r de?:rtpicos J<1 to fcd.
THE NEWS.
Prirtelooal Governor William Marvin, of Florida, is
lued hia proclamation to tbe peop'e of tbat?tats on tbe
Bd mat., aooouociog h.a sppo.Dlraeot by tbe Prei'lcnt
a I informing them of tbe necsstary tttpa to be taken to
tfMnre civil government. Tbe day* for tbe election of
delegates to a ccnveotloo and for the aaaembi'.og of tbe
lam1 are not decHed upop; but tbey will !>e named aa
Soon aa proper time aball have been given f >r tbo pe.-.plo
to take tbe oatb of allcgiance and for other r.eceaaary preliminaries.
Aa haa bean done by all tbe jther prcvincoal
governor!, Mr. Marvin loforina the c'liiet* that el a very j
la dead and cannot be roaaacltated; but be doea net, like
Borne of bla colleague*, reappoint tbe lical offl-ers
Who officiated under rebel rule, although the old
County incumbent* are authorised to at:il act in matisrs
gwriaining to tbo admlolatratlon of e?tate?, tbe recording
of d"ejg, and auch loliipen?ablo butioeas. Until
ftbo regular civil government /hall have boen reitcred,
the Qoi ernor Icavea to tbo military to preserve ord' r and
take cognitacca of lla breaches throughout tbc> Plate, acd
Only national omrer* m id? c tii u> .,v,?
?r Territory arc autbcriod to ndmmliter tbe aiiegiaoce
O* lb.
Proclamation* have now been leaned by nil of tbe
%^von provisional governor* appointed by Pre* dent
Johnson for Ibo Rlata* in which, tiot.l tbe urrcnJcr of
ib rebel artniea, control v??? uiurped by the Iniurgente,
nd 'o one of tbem?Mlfalstlpp!?deleguea have already
fccn elceted to tbe Cooveniioo. and It w,t| rn"el to day,
Ihe f illowmg are tbe .*talee, Willi tbe datel for hc!d;ng
Vlectiom ao1 awmt.ng convention*, ?o for ar jet
JUs.gnatad:?
Tim' of 7Tmi of
lTale. E'.ectin*I.
lllaa*?alppl Held Aug. 7, Hfl'? Aug. 14, inn.')
^la'iama Aug. 31, 1853 Pept 13, lun
Cloilb Carolina Kept I, 1885 Sept. 13, H00
fsVMS Carolina Sept. II, IS?l fir
>rg a Oct. 4, Or I 24, l??05
S>vaa At ii early a period w practicable.
P'luriJa At at ear;/ a period ta puct.cable.
Tbe arrival at ?an Antonio on ihe lai iQpt. of the <ia
ftioual caralfy column now marching arrow TeiM from
fcffii j?Hir ii aaavusced. Tbe uuinur of Uiu 3uie u
0
1
J
aid to be almost a wilderness, society ia ;v>mpl?t?>ty
demoralized and agricultural operation* Ua*?? bo?o
greatly neglected. There are additional account* of the
heretofore reported cobbertes uad general outlawry of
bands of depredators.
In an ?4dreaa which Provisional Governor Hamilton,
of Teiaa, delivered to the people at Houston ?u the Kith
ult. ha warmed thorn against cherishing the idea that
when they bad once more got their civil government in
operat.on they could restore slavery, and against attempting
to frame a constitution or euact laws punishing
iw>m ihn nonalties of which
white iiemoas are exempted, or impoaum burdens on the
one race which the othor is not compelled to bear. At
the same time he said that the blacks had enough to attend
to for the present to let the question of voting aloue.
Advices have been received from the city of Chihuahua,
Meiico, to the 23d of June. Everything was then
progresking well with the government of Prealdent
Juarex, and accounts were daily being received of the
uprising of the people everywhere throughout the republic
against the empire. The termination of our civil war,
and the prospect of aid from the United Statee, had created
universal confidence Id the early triumph of the
patriots over their invaders. President Juarex was expecting
soon to consummate Important arrangements
with the United States.
Savannah advices to the 10th last, are contained in
our despatches by the steamshipe Varuna and Constitution,
which arrived here yesterday. The low stage of
water at present prevailing in the Savannah river, interfering
seriously with the transportation of cottra to
market, has rendered the people additionally aaxioas
for the early completion of the Georgia Central Railroad,
and work on it is being pushed forward as rapidly as possible,
as also on the Atlantic and Oulf Railroad, running
westward from Savannah. General Brannan has given
orders for the Pulaski House to be restored to its original
proprietor, Major Wiltburger, who was an oOcer in the
rebel army. J. D. Howell, a brother-in-law of Jeff. Dovis,
who, as previously stated, was arrested for drunken
and disorderly conduct and uttering insulting and disloyal
language in the Pulaski Houso, has been sentenced
to a flue of two hundred and fifty dollars, sis mouths'
imprisonment, and subsequently to be sent out of the
district. Another rebel who partici|>ated with Howoll in
his criminal demonstrations haw been imprisoned in the
City guard house.
There is considerable excitement in Richmond, 7a.,
and vicinity, in consequenco of a rumor that orders
have b#en received there forbidding^ any further sales
of government military property, it being inferred that
this indicates active operations on the part of the
(Jo-ted States for the enforcement of the Monroe doctrine
in Maiico.
The papers relating to the negotiations of the Canadian
de'.ejates in England have beeu laid before the Canadian
PirlUment. They bring out in strong relief tbo nervous
ant'.ety of the British government on the subject of Canadian
Jefeaces In one despatch Mr. Card well says her Majesty
?governmentisunwilling, underpresentcircuinstances.
to press upon Canada any decision ou this point which
can' with prudence" be postponed "Rut, without an
tic.pating that any causes of differences are likely to
disturb our present frieudly rotations with the government
of the United States, they think it necessary to
bear in mind the vast aocession which has recently been
made, and still continues to bo made to the military
fe'ces or that powerful oountry. They cannot forget
the vary small proportion which the numerical strength
of British troops on tbo North American continent (tears
to the force which might at any moment be brought
into the fleld again*! them R would be a cause of just
reproach against the British government II tno.-ie troops
were suffered to remain Id a position which, on the
outbreak of war, they might not be able to liold until Hie
military and naval resources of tbe country could be
made available Tor their support."
According to tbe Tarouto Leader, a que?tiou of private
pelf i* Just now ibe most absorbing topic iu the Canadian
Parliament If tbe session closes under thirty days
members win be entitled to si< dollars only. If it twig
one day longer tbey may claim six hundred dollars each.
Tbe government, bent on economy, are desirous of bring
ing tbe season to an end within tbe prescribed limit, and
iu iiv'dujl members are striving so to obstruct business
as to securo their nix hundred dollars
Encouraged by tbe progress of events in difli-rent parts
of tbe world, and especially by tbo abolition of slavery
throughout nearly the whole of tbe Dinted states, and
tbe pro*pect of a total prohibition of it in this country
at very early day by constitutional amendment, the
friends of emancipation in Brazil are a> lively at work io
[Torts looking to Its extincltou ID thai em pirn Already
propositions for partial emancipation there, as will t>?
seen by interesting articlos which we publish this morn
leg. have beeu introduced in the Brazilian Senate, with
a goad prospect of becoming legal enactments. If *uo>
cessful in tbese measures, their advocates intend to con
tinue their efforts for still furtbei concession* <o the
mailer. and hope thai l>elor? manv year* they will (>?
ab eio effect tbe complete abolition ol davery in their
country.
Some uxphnatlon of the singular slowness with which
tbe evacuation of tbe Dominican republic by tbe in
vss!onsry Spanmb army has been proceeding 'since the
Cortes, on the 1st of May la?t, decreed tbe aban
d-umeot of tbe war there, it afforded in our
St Domingo correspondence. It appear* that m
tbe treaty with the Dominican government General
Oanlara, tbe Spanith commander, insisted on
a clause rccogniz ng that the invasion was made at the
solic tatiin of the natives, In their desire for restoration
to tbe protection of tbo mother country, and that
it wm abacdonetl by the invaders voluntarily, ho soon as
they bad sufficient evidence that the majority of the
people were opposed to it. This the Dominicans would
not admit, and refused to ratify the treaty, atn>'e
the Spaniards only got their foothold on the island
through the treachery of President Santana, and only
ceased hztlilitisa when thoy found it imp.iksttile to succeed
General Gnndara tlr-n declared that the war
should be renewed, and it Is possible that we may soon
!*iro of a resumption of hostilities
A very laurelling article descriptive of the imiii<-n<<o
frauds on the Internal Revenue act and the manner
In wb:ch tbey have been perpetrj'ert is
this moroln? transferred to our columns from
a Western contemporary. This illicit butmess has
been carr sd on to an onormous etient by the Western
drtlieras, and the government has thereby been
swiol'ed out of mill'ons of dollars. Seirnesof the
o?esd:ng establishments have been taking pla-e fre
queni.'y f ir -onie time past, and a large number of them
aro n w either in charge of tbe reveuuo officers or under
tfcs'r si ret surve:l!acce
Additional important developments In connection with
j.? .i?.i.
inr rufn.s o;iun uviaaui uu M v vw-a..?.v
It appoars (bit Miss Brewer wis not the ouly woman
whc? rece.ved tbe favor* of Jenkins In the p;>ss?s*ion
of ore of tbe Inmate* of a noted female boarding house
In Crotbjr "treel has been fonnd a fine eloper diamond
ring, worih eight hundred dollars, which the girl ssys
ww given bar by the alleged defaulting toller. She also
*sys th?t be frequently presented her with large *nras of
money, at ooe tlmo as high as flvo bun.I red dollars.
Louts Mendelsbonn was arrested in Kingstou. on the
North river, n couple or day* ago, an I brought to this
cny, on cbsrge of being implicated in the exteualve gams
recorded in Stturdsy'a Hskald of swindling merchant
tailor* by procuring of them cut ont garment* to make
up and then selling tbe same It will be remembered
that a tailor named John Harris, living at No. T HsMor
sirret, was charged with obtaining tho good* and ?*llin?
them to Louis Johnson, of No 1 Seennd street. Tl*
police, hsvlng received Information that *onn- of the
articles bad been sent by Johnson to Mendolshonn. procec
led to Kingston and took the latter into custody, but
could And none or tbe gooA*. It is said that Mendel
ahonn had been warned by telegraph and managed to
depose of them before tbe officers arrived. He was yesterday
arraigned at the Tornta and required to give
fifteen hundred dollars bail
Dupng a quarrel early yesterday morning al the lager
beer *a;oon. No, #37 8econd avenue, between some customers
and tbe proprietor, Emmerich Srhneder, the
... k? .... .I,.?i?n l.u Ilia
latter, ii i* ancgvu. >?
former, nhot one of thorn named Coughltn, living at 677
Third avenue, with a navy rtvolvar, producing wound
which it ii thought will provt fatal. Schnc.der wh ar
rented and committed.
A partjr of rough* landed on Ward'* M m I early yoaterdsy
morning, for the pi;r|>oao of having a prtie Oglii.
hut were jcatternd bofore the sport began by the arrival
of the police, who, however, wore not able to arrest any
of the implicated person*
f wo men giving the'.r name* iu James Clark and J.tme$
Tucker were yesterday committed in the Jefferson market
police court, on charge of having aasaJted Mr Pe-lro
R:nron, of 31 Writ Sixteenth alrea:, on Saturday n ght,
while he was leaving a Fourth avenue cat, anl stolen his
gold watch.
About twelve of the Blar.kwtil'a Island conrlets
ouujgjJ to nuito Ui'i.r o?-m>o yMlurdajr afUirno^a br
NKW TURK HERALD," STC
plung'ng into the rtrw while being tak?n from the Peal
tdntiarjr to the pook house for supper, and swimming
toward* HuMer% Point, which it is believed all ot the*
reached, although the distance la about a mile and* half.
Up to a late hour last night only one of them had been
rearrested.
A fire betwoea throe and four o'clock yesterday morning,
snppesed to hove been of incendiary origin, destroyed
eight small stable* in Lewis street, near Delano*/,
burning to death three horses, and somewhat damaged a
riwAlhtiff httuxe on the corner of the two atraotn Thrt
value of the property destroyed was not great.
A senaation existed in Hobokea during yesterday and
the day before in consequence of reports that the boay
of ?n apparently dead woman, with considerable blood
upon it and torn clothes, was aeen lying; on the Elyaian
Fields eailyon Saturday morning. gentleman and
lady, it was said, had disoovercd the body on the graas
and reported the Tact In the Tillage; but oo returning to
the spot with other persons no traces of it could be seen,
and the supposition was that it bad been thrown into the
river. coroner's investigation of the matter took
place, and as nothing definite could be ascertained the
conclusion was arrived at that the body was merely that
of a woman stupifled by drink and debauohery, who, on
waking up, and recovering consciousness, had quietly
walked off.
The tteeent Blecttoa la Kenlacky and
the IntcvCereaee of the Military.
The returns from the Kentucky election are
yet so incomplete thai tt ii impossible to tell
the-preciae result either m to the Congressional
ticket or the Legislature. Inasmuch as the
question of endorsing the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery which passed
Congress last winter formed one of the principal
questions in tbe canvass for members of the
Legislature, the result is of some importance?
probably, however, more so to the people of
that State than any other?as it in a measure
determines whether tbe people of Kentucky are
ready to adapt themselves to the new order of
things, or continue to flght against inevitable
fate, and thus keep themselves constantly
in hot water, turmoil and excitement. As to
the members of Congress tbe accounts are so
conflicting that, under our present advices, we
are unable to decide bow tbe delegation
stand*; but appearances indicate Vhat there
will be four republicans to five democrats returned.
The result in two districts Is represented
as being very close, and full returns
may turn the scale on one side or tbe
other. The gain, if any, is just as probable to
the republicans as democrats, and to the democrats
as to tbe republicans. In regard to the
practical effect upon the next GongApss, it cannot
possibly make any difference. The republican
majority is so large that three or four
members here aud there will not change the
character of the working majority. But there
are questions arising out of the developments
of the Kentucky election aud canvass which
demand the most serious attention of ttie President
and the American people.
All accounts agree that tbe military, under
the command of General Palmer, committed
bigh-bauded outrages, which, if true, and if continued
elsewhere, would seriously affect the
rights and liberties of the people. We eannot
believe that in tbe course adopted General
Palmer either acted under orders from President
Johnson, or that the latter, in the remotest
way, sanctions his action. In fact,
toe vagaries oi wis omcer, ana uih exploits
during the canvass, canned the President
to demand, by telegraph, an explanation, and
General Palmer wrote a letter in reply which
proved his utter incapacity as a commander of
the district, and was conclusive that his true
position is at the head of some ward political
organization. Ah we understand it, the duties
of a commander of a district is to merely see
that there is no disturbance of the peace and
good orfler, aud to render the civil authorities
assistance whenever required in the execution
of the laws. Does any person suppose that the
people would submit to General Hooker establishing
regulations in regard to the mode of
conducting the election in this State, and to
take upou himself to decide who should vote
and who should not T The State of Kentucky
has never been out of the Union or gone
through the forms of seceding, as was the case
with most of the other Southern States. It is,
therefore, in the eye of the law, just as loyal
as the state of New Vork or any other Northern
State. It is true that many of her citizens
have been secessionists, and took part in the
rebellion aguinst the general governmont, and
are to a certain extent amenable therefor. But
the rebellion has been put down; the Presideut
has issued an order which fixes the penalties of
those who were engaged in it, and what they
must do to become citizens and entitled to all
the rights and privileges as such. t The rna
? ' ~r
colliery <>1 llll .HSIO t^urrniuirm UI 111 >iaiii.aj
is all intact, and tbe lawn of tbe State prescribe
the qualification!) of voter*. Under the
direction of tbe Governor, tbe State lawn were
adjusted to tbe requirement)) of the President's
amnesty proclamation, and the officers ot the
election, the sheriffr and other local police officials,
were instructed to see that there was no
violation of those laws and orders. All tbit
tbe military could possibly under any circtrnstances
he justified in doing in tbe premises
would he simply to render such assistance in
preventing tbe infraction of tbe laws and ordors
by evil disposed persons as tbe judges of
election, sheriffs or police should require.
But if we are to believe the published accounts.
both from democratic and republican
authorities, tbe military under General Palmer
not only did not perform this duty, but in many
instances overrode the election officers, sheriff*
and other civil authorities, and prescribed who
should vote und who should not During the
canvass this political military General descended
from his position, took the stump,
delivering political harangues, and lining language
which tended to irritate rather than allay
the bitter animosities existing among tbe people.
On election day, we are told, his subordi
-S -a It- II law 1t.tn Ar
ntiie" appeared hi iuu pons wiui u?? ui jmw crlbed
men. mailo up, no one know* by whom
or bow, and as probably by some malicious
person* as any other. As the voters made
their appcirance they were compelled to announce
their names and to await the examination
of the list, to see whether they were
among the proscribed, before they would be
allowed to approach near the polls. Vainly
did the men appeal for the privilege of stating
their ca*e to the election judges, and let them
decide whether they were voters or not; but nil
to no use. Their names were on the list in the
bands of the military, and that was sufficient.
No excuse and no reason why thoy were not
entitled to vote would be given, and it i?
announced that in many instances men who
have never in the remotest degree favored or
ansisted the rebellion were place 1 under arrest
and subjected to all manner of,torture awl
hardship* Acts of this kind disgrace our mili
Ury force W?s cannot im-igiue whore General
lV.tiur oV-Mu vl lilrt orders fw uugh hiirh
HTOIY, XJTGUSr 14, 1865,
handed proceedings, i4 probable that he
acted without aotborjunder the ad rice of
eoae fanatical politician N jTbe President hai
already called him to an tfteotut*^* course
iu the canvass, and will no Joubt agattT demand
an explanation for these singular and toy ustiflable
proceedings on the day 4>f election. Xq
this way let us hope tbat tbe public can asc?rtain
who is responsible. IT deeds 0t that kind <
can be performed in Kentucky without rebuke,
tbey can, with just as plausible excuse, be
exercised in all the Northern States, and our
elections become a farce and mockery.
It is time tnat some ruie suouiu ue b?u?ulisbed
or understanding butf in regard to the
elections in all the Southern States. The people
desire to know whether the rulealald down
by the President for the elections in those
States recently in rebellion are to be overridden
by some subordinate at his own bidding.
Unfortunately, President Johnson's health has
been such that he has not been able to give
this question the attention which the necessities
of the case seem to demand. Bat the action
of General Palmer in Kentucky furnishes
him an example which we have no doubt he
will thoroughly investigate, and olear the
whole question np. Under the proclamations
of the President in reference to the reorganisation
of the South he has wisely directed that
the laws regulating the elective franchise which
existed prior to the rebellion shall* be enforced,
with the condition that one and all shall take
the oath of allegiance before they can exercise
that right. In addition to tbat, certain classes
are excluded from taking the oath or voting
until they have received speoial pardon. Now,
all who take the prescribed oath are, in the
eye of the law, as loyal as any person in the
North, and are entitled to all the rights of citizens,
voting included, provided they are not
excluded by the provisions of the State laws.
Neither the military nor any other authority
has a right to interfere in the exercise of that
privilege, or set aside the result on the pretext
that those elected were once secessionists, or
those who voted for them were such. It is the
duty of the military to assist the civil officials in
maintaining order and in preventing any person
not qualiOed under the State laws, or who has
--x a. -1- ?11 1, rr^tinrr
ilOt> UIHkt/11 IUV Uttvu ui ?Hir^iduv'C> nviu Tv?iu^f
and there their authority ends. Anything beyond
that, whether in South Carolina, Virginia,
Kentucky or Ohio, is in violation of the lawn,
and such we believe will be the decision of
President Johnson as soon as he can have an
opportunity to give this question his attention.
Thf Next 8es*lon of Congress.
The question of the admission of members to
the next Congress from the Southern States is
a subject that is now agitating the public mind
and is one pregnant with important consequences.
With a law of Congress prohibiting
any one from holding a seat in that body who
had been engaged in the rebellion it is difficult
to solve the question who the Sonth can send?
for there is no prominent man alive in the
Southern States who has not, directly or indirectly,
been concerned in the war. The first
matter to be considered, then, is, manifestly,
the repeal of the law, so as to relieve the South
of Ike disability of being represented in the
national Congress.
Will the radicals consent to do this? That
is the question. We have no doubt there will
be an intense struggle to keep the South out,
but the people of the North are more anxious
for 4be South to come back than the South herself
is to return. Hence if the majority insist
upon carrying out their plans, and closing the
doors of Congress upon the South, the Northern
people will arouse themselves to the neoesslty
of putting down the radicals and opening the
portals of the Union to every wayward sister
who comes back, casting around her the cloak
of charity and forgiveness, with complete obliteration
of the past. The South has been
restored to her political rights by the amnesty
proclamation and by the oaths of allegiance
taken by her citizens. No further tests oan be
required, unless it be the test of probation, and'
that is, of course, out of the question. The
men of the South who have conformed to the
requirements of the government are entitled to
vote, and it is absurd to argue that they have not
the power to select their own representatives;
and it is a still greater absurdity to say that
these representatives shall not be received
when elected. To deny the South this would
be placing her in a worse condition than the
American colonies were before the revolution,
when the deprival of the right of representation
was one of the prime causes of separation
from the mother country. No such doctrine
can stand before the American people. When
u Southern rebel takes the oath of allegiance
he must be regarded as being restored to his
former political rights. He is as good aft any
other citizen in the eye of the law. The government
must retognize this fact, else why administer
the oith at all? No doubt President
Johnson understands thin matter, and if the
radicals do not wish to go before the people
in the pending State elections in a position
inimical to the administration they will handle
this subject with fairness tnd moderation. The
President regards it to be as much an act of
disloyalty to prevent a recusant State from
coming into tbjj Union as it is ior one tunu
out; and if the Northern States oppose the restoration
of the seeded States Uiey are w
criminal m the original secessionists, and liable
to all the pains and penalties of secession.
Suppose theso Southern representatives be rejected,
what will follow? They will, of course,
be re-elected; and if again rejected they will
he Again chosen, and there will be no end to
the farce. Congress ha* no more right to keep
the representatives of the Southern State* out
of the Capitol than it has to keep out the representatives
of the New England States. In
either case the wrong is manifest, and will
not be tolerated by the people. Between the
intolerant radical and the repentant rebel the
good sense or the people will not be long in
deciding.
About the question of negro suffrage, the
Southern States should insert a clause In tbeii
constitutions regulating the prerequisites for a
negro's vote. Here in New York there is a
property qualification. The same provision
exists in most of the New England States. Th<
Southern States have the same right to fix the
standard of qualification for voting as an)
i Northom S'ale. They should make their fran
i chise oorle embrace the requirements of road
ing and writing, and good moral, religiou*
i education. This t.he North hut not done. Bj
I this mi'ins the intelligent blacks ot the Soutl
will Itave a chance to beeom somebody, anc
tho ranting Jacobin* of the North will have at
onoortunity to fratorniw with them, as the1
N - _
ha?ealwa*prefcAde* Uf. wlfeaSCtSnr
ball nonsense for the Northern radical* to
attempt to prevent the wayward sisters from
ooming back. All the members thus for elected
in the Southern States ere Union men. If there
be any anti-administration men, that is another
matter. It will give spice to the proceedings
of Congress, and Andy Johnson has sense
enough to know that a spirited administration
| in the Union is better than a flat one out of it
Whv Shall Wear Secretary Seward's OM
Clothes 1
There are rumors that Lord Palmerston will
soon retire from public life, and similar rumors
in regard to Secretary Seward are constantly
set afloat Wet know not how much truth there
may be in these reports; but we presume that,
in relation to Secretary Seward at least, there
must be a little Are where we see such a deal
of smoke. SMmtur Steward has been the
great man of this State for man/ years, and the
discussion in regard to his successor in that position
will be extremelj interesting. Thurlow
Weed, the State barber, who made Seward
what he is, and has sustained him through the
ups and downs of polities and parties, has recently
removed from Albanyfto this city, in
order to pull the wires for the succession more
readily. For the same reason he has transferred
his editorial stool from 4he office of the
Evening Journal to that of the Times, which is
to be his organ in the new movement. It is
rather a difficult thing to make a great man to
order, and Thurlow Weed requires all the aid
of the metropolis and of a metropolitan paper
to assist him in his arduous work.
The two men who are the most prominent
candidates for Mr. Seward's place as the leading
politician of the State are Messrs. Raymond
and Greeley. Raymond is now a member of
the lower House of Congress, and Greeley has
already occupied a desk there for a brief term.
The programme is to take whoever of these
gentlemen is the successful candidate for
Seward's boots, run him into the United States
Senate, and thence transfer him to the Cabinet.
Seward's boots are not so very large that a
man cannot be found to fill them; but they are
of a very peculiar shape and will fit very few
people. It is very doubtful whether Greeley
can get into them. He has certain fanatical
corns which thoy would pinch terribly.
If he were even to go into the Cabinet
it would probably be in the position of Postmaster
General, which he has long waited for
and expected and desired ; and that position is
not exactly suitable for the great man of the
great State of New York. But, on the other
hand, Greeley may cause considerable trouble
if anybody else r>e prererrea oeiore aim hb
Seward 's successor. His withdrawal from the
old political firm in which he was a partner
was for the reason that Weed and Seward
wanted to make a tool of him, instead of giving
him a fair share of the profits. Sotae day
or other he may retire from the republican
party because of unfair treatment The State
barber cannot, therefore, afford to count Greeley
out entirely in any of his calculations.
It is evident, however, that Weed is inclined
to try his hand at making Raymond the great
man, in the event of Seward's retirement.
Raymond is a little fellow, like Seward, and
the old clothes of the Secretary of State will
probably fit him, boots and all. In one respect
Raymond has the advantage of Greeley ; for
he can change his clothes pretty rapidly, so as
to keep in the latest fashion, while Greeley
sticks pretty steadily to his black stock and his
old white coat and hat. Besides this, Raymond
was the friend and biographer of Lincoln, and
is now cultivating friendly relations with Johnson,
while Greeley, who onlv half assented to
the nominations of the Baltimore Convention,
was very cool towards Honest Old Abe, and
has drifted into a positive humility to Andy
Johnson, of Tennessee. We admit that to be
in favor at the White Home is merely a temporary
advantage, because the next great man
of the 3tafie may last for twenty years, and tbe
President may only last four ; but still it is an
advantage while tbe work of manufacturing
the great man is actually going >n. For the
present .we shall be content to walch tho contest
with interest, and to record Wood's moves,
Greeley's chancos uud Raymond's prospects as
they are developed, without risking a prediction
one way or the other. Bu}, at the same
time, it is a souxoo of gratification to us that
the two persons from whom is to be selected
the future great man are both journalists. No
small portion of the work we marked out for
ourself when we started the Herald will have
been accomplished when it is conclusively demonstrated
that politicians can no longer use
editors as their mere instruments, but must
respect their abilities, follow their advice, and
make way for them when they choose to aspire
to high offlcos. Messrs. Greeley and Raymond
are ambitious for the honor of Seward's position,
and Weed is anxious to make tbe great
man, so that be can control tbe subordinate
places in bis department; but hundreds of
other people, of high and low degree, are pecuniarily
and politically concerned in the issue ol
tbe contest over tbe old clothes which Seward
baa not yet discarded, and we know of but tew
subjects so important to a Urge number of our
readers.
Thk Nkws from thr Great Eahteiw akd the
Atiwuttic CABi.a?'Tbe Litest news from tfic
Great E-istern is important, and, though embracing
the announcement of another disaster,
is encouraging. Tbe latest previous dates to
those of the Moravian were to July 29, when
communication with the Great Eastern was losl
by the failure of insulation in the cable. It
appears by the Moravian's news that this
difficulty was repaired and the conductivity
restored. Up to August 2 five hundred miles
additional?twelve hundred miles in all?o
the cable were paid out, when the "Signal
from the Great Eastern became unintelligible.'
i From that date until the sailing of the Moravian
on the 4th inst., no further communication hail
been had with tho Groat Eastern, and the caiux
i of the difficulty was unknown. Thin is tbi
' third mishap to the cable. In the two forme
k cases the difficulty was described as very for
i mid able?at least much more so than in th
i last instance. Since these difficulties wer
remedied there is reason to hope that tbe las
J ik/? tiftvi nnori it'll! K
' mty nave own, ihiu mm ?u^
' mill moro encouraging. Nothing lutd bee:
heard of the Great Eastern at Heart's Cor
tent np to the 9th instant, though, at tli
alow rite at which she travelled during h?
r fint Qre days out, she was not then due at the
) point. Tho English Insurance agent* app<N
I to ha?? lost much of their confidence in tl
i nucceiw of the enterprise, as the insurant
r oq the cable had advanced, siuea previoi
dates,* '
premiuk'1* ______________
lM?l^ttM ' Bram-Tli* latMBM
of Omr kll?"Pu ? Otkw ItUoM.
la anottwr ?klumn we 8lr? an account of the
movement tor tb* abolition of slavery in BnuiL
This institutfon exists In every part of that en*
pire, and the vast majority of all the laborers
are slaves. Tftey ar? estimated at three millions?about
ono-third the population of the
country. Thefts nowhere In the empire any
considerable body4 of Brazilians who are not
slaveowners. It is obvious, therefore, that any ' '
movement to change .the condition of this immense
number of labtKVf* could not originate,
as with us, in a part of tho country comparer
tively removed from tbe direct illftnenoe of
slavery, and among men not personally Interested
in its existence. In fiwt, the movement
in Brazil originates witti the slaveowners. It is
a measure that many of them' favor out of a
sincere and earnest conviction that the destraotion
of the institution of slavery is necessary
?? 11 ?* ? -? ?i-. ' _# i?11. ii_ . t
lur ukr woiiBiD ui tue uimuu jr auu ui uuw iuv - i
races La it. We give the dealt of the law by
which they propose to effect thi? grand object.
It wisely attempts to avoid'the evils of making
so great a change in aociety too suddenly.
Society oonld only eaduip that under the in*
fluence of some great convulsion like our recent
war. The main provisions y>f the proposed law
are that vagrant slaves shaU no longer be sold
to new masters, but shall be -fry if not claimed
in three monttiB; that slaves wall no longer
pass by inheritance; that in ten pears all slaves
over twenty-five years old shall be free; that in '
fllteen years slavery shall eeaserto exist in
Brazil, and that provision shall bie made in
every parish for the aged and rafirm. And
while we hrfar of these movements-on the part
of the dominant race, we bear alee of movements
of the slaves in some parts of Brazil, ft
is said that the negroes indicate an insurrectionary
disposition in Para and Pernambuco,
and their movements of this nature are attributed
to the fact that they have learned of the
abolition of slavery here.
In this movement for a noble object?before'
agitated in Brazil, but now revived with great
zeal?we see the influenoe oi our own recent ' f
example. We have shown a national abolition
of slavery to be possible, and we are destined
to lead the nations in this direction as we are
already leading them politically. Our Influence
on the political life of other nations i?
clear and positive. It Is in every one's memory
with what eagerness the governments of Western
Europe prophesied our destruction when the
war broke out They only gave expression tO'
their hopes in the declaration that we would
not come through the struggle with a remnant
of our national power. They declared that no*
republican government oould pass through '
suoh a struggle safely. They pointed to monar^Atrannmnnfil
thai VArA atrnnor
V/II1UO ma UID vuy ^vtviuiuumsv ?*??? g
enough to put down rebellious, and showed thai
the attempt even to protect ourselves would
make the matter worse, and" that the war
would leave us a collection of isolated, quarrelsome,
powerless States. And there seemed
so much In history to fevor their views that tha
friends of human freedom everywhere were
inclined to look upon our war a* the deathblow
to all liberality and progress in government,
and as an event that onoe more rivetted
the chains with whioh the old1 tyrannies bad
bound down the people. But with the sadden- ^
ueta almost of a theatrical change, this war,
that had made the cause of the people seem sa
hopeless, made that same c?utw in another
instant brighter and more hopeful than ever.
We came out of the struggle stronger and
greater in national power than we bad gona
into it. We bad preserved our government
"without veiling the statue of liberty," and wa
had shown that a republican government, m
well as being the best, was also the safeat government
on the earth. And tbe force of this
example has strengthened republican sontt* '
munta and principles throughout the world toan
extent that it is hardly posxibie for those
who live- at present to appreciate, too uma
once of tbe glorious evidence vre have givea
in favor of our system of government will b?
seen hundreds of years hence in 'he history ot
the destruction of tbe monarchies that now
misgovern Europe.
Bnt the influence of our example is ooir
seen in another direction, and in a way that
shows not leas distinctly that we are ? moral
as well as a political centre for the thought* ot
tbe civilised portions of the human race. We
have by a grand example shown how perffeot a _ .
government is that based upon the will of tha
people. And we have also shown, that {her** i?
no relic of the bafbarous past, no evil lostitation,
however its roots may seem entwined la
the very vitality of the nation, that may not be
torn up and thrown out by the grand spontaneous
movement of tbe masses. This example
has made us a moral Power on the earth. We
iiave spent in four years over three thousand
' million* of dollars, we have devastated oae
ureal section of the country, we have givea
' hundred* of thousands of men?the very Sower
of the nation?ail to destroy an ounoxioms institution
that barred our progress. These were
1 terrible sacrifices, and any people might justly
hesitate long and endure the worst evils Uwt
plague society before tbey would venture to
better their condition at such a price. But we
have shown that a nation may make Mich sacrifices
and be the better, the stronger, thi- fresher
Tor It. and this has (given a grand impulse to
' every idea that aims to better the condition ot
1 men. This stimulates the Brazilians and their
1 government to renewed efforts in the right
direction, and this already endangers every / |
' institution on the earth that stands as a barrier
against hum>tn progress. It is also <|iiiu?
1 natural that the negroes should bucomo restive
in their bonds, whon they hoar that four mil"
lions have been suddenly made freo in anotbor
country. Tbey do not know how thi* happened,
and will perhaps suppose that a 'J those
' men secured their freedom by insurrection,
h> and many may endeavor, therefore, to secure
theirs in that way. Brar.il, then, m>jst hurry
r the emancipation y foq while we Imvo shown i I
her that afiolhion is p-isslbl", our etample has
e also m?Ue th? dangers of slavery (freak* than
e ever.
it
e S/uttxn of tor Otiironxu Stha-?fr.h.?Our
n correspondent at Pinatna has, on several occfr
i- RKtna, reported the grreut inconwamnco arming
e from the present arrangement of the salting of
ir the stoamere for AsplnwalL As It now ia, on
it nearly every occasion they tall to connoct with
?r the British steam packet at Panama for the Mouth
le Paclfio port*; henco thoso pcrsous doing husi:e
n<>ss with that looality are p,nt to great In- * !
is conveolwiQe, and frequently sustaia loss, bj

