Culuuel Corcoran has arrived at Washington and
his thoic met with na oatlmaiuatic rcc<*ption. The
(?reparation* in tliis city to give the gallant (Jolontl
a glaiioiij re eption are in fair way towards per
fection, and i? meeting of the committee will be
lieli at three o'clock this afternoon, at the armory
of the Sixty-ninth New York State Militia, in order
to oulur-,vith other organizations wiahing to join
hi the reception.
Archbishop Hnghea delivered a most important
ani patriotic eer.noa yesterday morning, in St.
Patrick's Cathedral. After reciting his course of
notion in Europe, ho culls upon the whole North
to come oat in iu strength, for "volunteering to
continue and for a draft to be made." He said
that if three hundred thousand men were not
enough, to call out another three hundred thon
tu*nd. "The yeoplo should insist on being drafted,
and ho bring this unnatural s'rife to a close'' by
strength of might alone.
Wo liave nothing important from Gen. McClel
lau's army, farther than that all persona sick
nnd incapable of military duty have been moved
out of camp and sent down the river to reeruit
their health.
The new* from Gen. Pope's army is interesting.
Major Pifield had succeeded in capturing severs]
tiundred bags of floor belonging to the rebel
Btates, amounting to about twelve thousand
pounds. Contrabands report that Jackson's army
1>as been considerably reinforcod from Richmond.
The Union army now occupy the line of the Rapi
4an from Raccoon ford to Cave's ford, with
pickets beyond. Gen. Si gel, who is in the ad
-wsnce, has driven back that part of the enemy's
force which attempted to cross the river on the
morning of the 16th inst.
Later despatches state that s general advance
towards the Rapidan was made yesterday morning.
All was qniet up to one o'clock yesterday after
noon, the rebels not disputing the movement.
An important change in the executive of Ken
tacky ia telegraphed from Louisville. John P.
Tiske has resigned the Speakership, and James P.
Robnwon, a well known Union man, has been
elected in his stead. Governor Magoffin has also
resigned his office, and Robinson, therefore, be
eomes Governor de facto for the remainder of Ma
goffin'* unexpired term. M. Johnson, of Lexing
ton, alto a Union man, has been elected Secretary
?f State. These resignations and elections vir
tually restore Kentucky entirely to the Union, as
by th. resignation of J. B. Temple, Acting Go
vernor Robinson becomes President of the Mili
tary Board.
From Cairo we lean that Jeff. Thompson tent a
flag of trace to General Hovey, demanding "all
the negroes within hi* line* or to prepare to
flgfct." Genernl Hovey dismiabcd tlie flag a ad I
started in pursuit, with ten daya' ration*. Several
?mail fights had occurred in Miaaonri. It ia re
ported that on the 11th inat. the rebel cavalry
surprised a company of the Third Wisconsin Vol
unteers eleven miles from Helena. Our troopa,
however, soon rallied and beat off the rebel*.
The rebel guerilla* were still, on the 16th, car
rying on their nefarious proceedings at Gallatin,
Ttrio. Late despatches, however, state that Act
ing (iem rai Killer made an armed reconnoissance
to that place and fonnd tl.at the rebels had de ?
?amped. Morgan had gone to Hartaville, where,
It is said, lie had effected '? junction with Forrest.
Morgan succeeded in capturiug one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars in United Statea Treasury
notes in Lebanon. A report waa in circulation in
Nashville that ?even thousand rebels were near
that city. The troops were ordered under arma
snd cannon were placed to destroy the city on the
?rat approach of tha robels.
The trrival of the Trade Wind from New Or.
leans, August 6, confirms what we have already
surmised to be the trnc facta of the case with re
gard to Baton Rouge. When our despatches ieft
the rebels had been repulsed, although greatly out
numbering the Union troop*. It is, however, true
thai General Williams has been killed. General
Butlei ha? added another leat to hi* laurel wreath
by the eiwrgetic manner in which he at once de
spatched fiesh troops to the reM< f of the garrison
at Baton llouge: and Admiral Karragut also de
serves credit for ki? promptitude in leading off the
fleet, Ac. Baton Rouge is 179 miles above New
Orleans.
The official order of the Secretary of war re
specting volunteers and Militia is very Important,
as it limits the time when bounty money shall
cease to be given, and names the day when drsft
Sg 'ball poaitively commence. When the whole of
ihis last call shall have been raised we shall have
iu the milker'.' arm of the service ? million and a
quarter of men. The auxiliary forcc comprised in
the gunb.<at?j auJ CeeU gives iih equal to half a '<
ini:ltot, more, making the United States strength
(-qua! to oeurly two million* of men. W<lL sueh a
force sjaii: <t it, the rebellion cannot po.^i'ily
stand much longer.
Via-1.. wa by the Anglo-Saxon is one *e?k later.
The L'l.^liah papew are generally silent ou Ameri
e~n alters. A scheme appears to ha\e bueti put ou
foot by Mason and SiidcU to enforce a re cognition
of the rebel States from tbe Kuropesn Powers; (
lut with what sueres* Is at present unknown.
MISCELLANEOUS NEWS.
Tlie bivaiunh y Constitution, W i;\!i lc.'i
New Vi .'t .'uly 14 !or Kau Francisco, arrived ;;t
liio . meiro in eighteen and a balf dajs. V," i!e at
}ho .Js-ieiro she was visited by upwards of ten
thousand persons.
Tbe Treasury Department has issued or.U r* to
the C'<l!e< tor of Customs at this port, that here
?ifter t'I ?ooda la Jen on board vessels bound for
?Vw Or>aes and other open ports shall be under
the i-v. per vision of mi inspector of customs, and
that li i.ire rleanmi-e .-.ball be granted the inves
tor h.n ing had charge of the lading of said
vessels s^all certify that the manifest presented
corresponds with the cargo ou board. Vessels
arriving from paid ports are under no more
reatiic n na than formerly, and there has been no
order from the department requiring an officer to
be detailed to inspect and make return of inward
cargoes from said ports.
It is not the intention of the government to put
the last three hundred thousand troops in the
field immediately, but to keep them as a reserve
corps in the different States. The various rendez
vous will be camps of instruction, in which the
men will have a fine time for the remainder of the
summer, receiving the same pay and bounty as
those in the field.
Jeff Davis' Confederate Congress, the members
of which so ingloriously skedaddled fVom Rich
mond on the 21st of April last, while the Union
army was threatening the rebel works at York
town. having recovered from their fright, will re
assemble to-day in the city of hospitals.
Gen. Ben Loan, commanding the Northwest Di
vision of Miss iuri, has taken the field. He left St.
Joseph on the 11th inst., at the head of a large
fores, to wipe out the guerilla bands which now
infest M:ssouri.
A war meetirg will be held on Fort Green
Heights, Washington Tnrk. Brooklyn, on Tuesday
afternoon at four o'clock, and all business opera
tions in the city will cease at that hour. The
sioaea will remain closed until after dark.
The Secretary of War has decided that every
person, whether a citizen or not?that is, unnatu
ralized foreigners who have voted at any elections
in any of the States?shall be regarded aB having
exercised a franchise that subjects them to milita
ry duty. Every man who votes, if he is physically
competent, must fight.
Khode Island has a colored population of less
than four thousand from which to raise a negro
regiment, and of these the able bodied men would
not number six hundred.
The Jews of Chicago held a meeting on the 13th
iust. and resolved to raise an Israelite conipanv
lor the war. 'lhose present subscribed eight
thousand dollars to help along enlistments.
The first quota of Kentucky is full, and enlist
ments, at last accounts, to fill up the second were
going on at the rate of five hundred a da v. The
Louisville Journal says:?1"While other States are
congratulating themselves on the patriotic energy
of their citizens, we point with pride to the posi
tion of Kentucky and the noble impulsiveness
which has filled her regiments in so very short a
time."
The new, large and powerful steamers 8t. Clair
and Brilliant have been purchased by the govern
ment, and will be immediately converted into iron
clad gunboats.
The Tenth New York cavalry, Colonel Lem
mon, left Baltimore on Friday last for the seat of
war.
A man named Hoag, belonging to Sherman, Con
necticut, purposely cut his hand with a scythe, to
avoid being drafted. The wound bled profasely,
and he shortly afterwards died.
The banks of Syracuse have sent an order to the
government for six thousand dollars of the post are
tamp bills. v
Tbe stuck market eo .Saturday continued to exhibit
strength snd activity. The demand for governments,
railway bonds snd tbe more popolar railway shares wss
active, ana higher prices in many instances were reached.
Money was easy at 4 par cent. Gold opened at 114 U and
sold up to 116. Exchange, 1W>< a 137.
The cotton market was less buoyant on Saturday, and
prices somewhat nominal, sad Bales made vsrled both
in quantity mod quality so widely as to reader exsct qno
Utions difficult. Tbe sales footed np shout 900 a 400
bales, closing on tbe bs?is of sbout 4*c. a 47 Xc (some
were reported ss low ss 4?c.) for middling upland*
while holders geaeralljr demanded ontaide figures Th.
flour marks* waa quiet, and for some grades rather
osaier, thooya without chaagoof moment in quotations,
white tales were moderate. Wheel was lees active
though without essential change in prices. Common
gradea were heavy and dull, while prims to
chows qualities wsre scarce. Corn wss to good
request snd prices firm, with ssles st w,.
s Me. for shipment East, and at Me. a 60c. for
?sod eomad ahipping Into of Wtatera, and good y.How do.
st Mo. Pork wss quiet, hut steady, with salss of irit at
111 37*. and prims st |B 87X . |i0. Sugsrs wsrs
flrmly held, while Mies wsrs limited and to
?boat am hhds. Cubes, part fair to good refining goods,
at S*e. Grocery grades varied from figc. to 9s. Mo- I
lamee were etesdy. Bales of fine hhda. Porto Rloo and
Cuba waa made on private terms. Coffee wss quiet sod
Heady. A rale of 300 a 600 baga of Kki waa reported at
P- t- Freights exhibited more firmness, though without
change to rates, while engagement* were moderate
whiskey was firm ar<i active, with sales ot ljm bbU
at 31>?c for State, aa.t at 33c. for Western.
The Onlt Liyb Nkwspapkr.?We have beaten
our contemporaries in every matter of inte
rest during the last week, with the exception Of
contraband intelligence, which we could not
publish without affording important in forma,
tion to the enemy. Our contemporaries?the
Tribune, Times and other journals?disregarding
alike the safety of the army, the orders of the
War Department and the oaths of their corres
pondents, have, to the imminent peril of our
troop", published accounts of military move
ments before they were completed, involving
?vents of tremendous magnitude. Had we
thought it consistent with honor or pat
riotism we could have published the
same news in advance of onr contemporaries,
as to oar custom; but the character of the in
telligence was a bar to onr doing so. The
correspondents of the New York papers are
permitted in the camps, on their sworn promise
not to divulge movements troops in advance
or give any other information which would
benefit the enemy; and yet their letters from
the army are published, and editorials accom
pany tlie;n, drawing attention thereto, re
vealing v. hat the rebels would pay any amount,
of money to And out. If onr army escapes
disaster, no thanks to the radical journals of
New York: if it does not, the country will
know where to look for the cau?e of the mis
fortune. The only live journal in New York
does not envy the bad notoriety obtained by its
contemporary in publishing con?mbntwI in
telligence, tho only kind of new- > vJiioh ibe
traitorous iho.ta ure not at le. M ouc day bel.nd
the Hbrai.D.
l*i obuV/'.t Vt ^sUiout ?m Farojpf-UcaKi- (
ciMy Not m F?iloif.
Pemocraoy bas ceased to b? au experiment
At the outbreak of our cnrft war tbe ariwt<HTAta
of I.rope declared that tbia government was a
failure. In ti e l&glish House of I'.krliament it
wu> gr?vely announced that the bubble of de
ian<sr.\ y had burst. The European journals
livl ixir ikaHy lamented the fragility of deirio
fatio in&t.utioos, and congratulated their
render* uj.'-.n the preat superiority and im per
tmbable Mah.lity of monarchical governments
In r ;nt of fnct this nation in now only enduring
one of ttvise terrib'o te?ts to wliich all nation*
iro, at some p?i io-If. of their history, subjected,
.nidfruin whieV. t' ? emerge stronger, purer and
be'tcr tl an before. There is no nation in bitrtory
which has not yt some time or other experienced
a similar though lens cruel crisis. It is a sort of
national siclfuefls which follows Indulgence in
corruptions and excesses, but which can be
cured by the application of powerful medicines,
anil will result in a sound and improved nation
al health. Europeans. however, preferred to re
gard th's test as a final verdict of failure, thw
national sloitress as a national death. Wo have
reversed tlds verdict by sheer force of arms
We have displayed such miraculous vigor and
developed *uch unparalleled resources that pre
judice itself is conquered and detraction ha?
changed to admiration. A nation lying dead
does not raise and maintain an army of over
a million of men and build and equip an iron
clad navy of unprecedented proportions. Pe
mocracy can no longer be pronounced a fail
ure. It has demonstrated itself a great and
glorious success.
Hitherto Europe has been a mere spectator of
this test of democracy, aud, though neither im
partial nor unprejudiced, has at least refrained
from an active participation in the war. Now,
however, the signs of the times iudicate that
the struggle of the democracy of the United
States has sympathetically affected the demo
cracy of the world, and that before long other
governments than our own will have to submit
to the crucial trials from which we are but just
? emerging. The low groanings and "muttering?
which announce the. coming storm now rever
berate ominously throughout Europe. Revolu
tions are contagious. War engenders war. Un
lose all precedents fail and hiktory ceases to
repeat itself, Europe cannot escape convulsions
while America suffers so severely. All nations J
are but constituent parts of a great unit, which
we call the world. AH. government* are af
fected if one be disturbed. But, in addition to
this general principle, there are special cauw.s
for predicting commotions in Europe as the
result of oar civil war. This is a government j
of the people, indicating its strength and estab
lishing its rig-lit to claim equality with mon
archies and aristocracies by showing that it can j
maintain its existence and its authority even
against a rebellion of unexampled magnitude
and resources. The people of every country
arc strengthened by this exhibition of our
strength. Garibaldi Is encouraged by our suc
cess. The attack upon Richmond suggests the
attack upon Rome. Whatever demonstrates
the strength of a democracy weakens monarchi
cal and aristocratic governments; because the
people no sooner feel that they are capable of
self-government than they logically deduce
thoir right to rule themselves, and immediately
clamor for power. Thus come all serious revo
lutions. The success of the government of the
I United States has made republics possible all
over the world.
Events have fortuitously assisted in empha
sizing and applying these great principles.
The aristocracy of Europe have so loudly and
passionately asserted that democracy was a
failure that its success becomes all the more
remarkable in contrast with their predictions,
and the natural reaction which ensues causes
the people of Europe to distrust their rulers
and to exaggerate as greatly as they had be
fore been taught to undervalue our powers.
Besides this, the failure of our cotton supplies
and the passage of our prohibitory tariff place
much of the burden of this war upon European
shoulders. The people of the manufacturing
districts in Europe feel the weight of our trou
bles in advance of our own laboring classes,
who find employment at high wages in our
armies; and by this time these people fully un
derstand that their sufferings are caused not so
much by our civil war as by the ruinous and
mistaken policy of their own governments.
Europe can no longer disguise the fact that she
has tak*n the wrong side in our contest. Had
England and France given this government the
moral support which they have vouchsafed to
the rebels the war would have been over long
ago, with Boarcely a ripple upon the surfkee of
international comity, and with no disturbance
in the interests of trade, commerce ormanufao
ture. Instead of .this, Europe baa chosen to
prolong the war by abetting the rebels, and
now the cotton famine rages; the supply of cot
ton will be exhausted in three or four months,
aud we are without the means to relieve the dis
tress thus caused, for, comparatively, no more
cotton will be shipped from this country in
over a year to come. The prohibitory tariff,
made necessary by the prolongation of the war.
deprive* Europe of the great mar
ket for her manufactures. The Euro
pean politicians, therefore, in assisting
be rebels have only succeeded in harming
theflr own people, and, while attempting to
break up this government, have but jeopardized
their own. The blundering, foolish, mistaken
policy of England and Franc* has resulted in
no advantage to the rebels, in no detriment to
this country (as the London Times understands
when it says that another threat of intervention
would give us three hundred thousand more
soldiers), and In incalculable distress at home.
This is a bad record with which to go before
the people in troublona timss.
What occasion may precipitate or inaugurate
the convulsions in Europe it is impossible to
say. England, alarmed at the prospect before
her, is now trying to exculpate herself from the
charge of sympathising with the South, and to
quiet her murmuring mantes by pecuniary re
I lief. The Queen's speech adroitly insinuates
that she has always been neutral, and Earl
Rus.-ell rebukes the shipowners, who are vio
lating the Queen's proclamation, with an as
perity which savors of an ertfbrMd repentance.
France seems to he.-itatc ib.jut her Mexican ex
pedition, anxious to <?'? prepared for, yet fear
ful of provoking, a quarrel with this country,
nnd obviously distrustful lest the seooud
Napoleon should find Lia Hussia in the tropics.
If, as reported, France is about to send over
iron-clad frigates and gnpboota, they can
scarcely be intended for >ise against the
cass in flie mo'intsiins, and are not of Bufflcient
strength, e\en if they survive the Ma foyagtf, lu
resist the iron-clad Meet witli wui?h we shall
?*?? covar our waters. Garibaldi may quietly
bubnnt to be bound by Victor Kmanuol's pro
clamation, or be may refuse, like IJanquo, to
d'wn at N.ipolwn'u bidding, and in?olvo
Fiance through Rome, or Austria through
Venice. Tiw war bet wean the Turks aud the
Montenegrin* affects ull of the Danubiau pro
vinces, a..d may yet bring Russia and Austria
to urn s, in wlitoh case Poland and Hungary
may l<ud their loiig expected opportunity.
Vii.UK or wi.eu the flames may fiist burst out
no one can tell; but, it is eusy to nee that the
conflagration will bo universal when it oomos.
By that time, however, our dcmocra?!e govern
ment, having shown it-; if a tuocena. will be at
pcace, and we will be at libuty cither to
calmly observe the writbings ol all Europe in
the crucible of revolution, or to exort our im
mense forec to stir up and add fuel to the
flames, as wo may doom most expedient.
American democracy is not a failure; but
when, trod by art fiery te^ts, will tho present
European monarchies and aristocracies prove a
success!
Thr Work of Our Nitt y In tl&a Clutf?The
PriiM Takrn unil Sent Into Itey Weil
Since the IVar.
On another page we give, In connection with
our former list of capturod steamerj, a com
plete list of all the vessels captured by our
cruisers iu the Gulf aud sent into Key West
for adjudication. Whc:i we examine tho num
ber and character of the captures we may say
'?Well done for the navy;" for, with tho ma
terial we have had to work with, the success of
our vessels has been far better than we had
any reason to expect or hope for. Well may
Europe say oyr blockade is effective when this
list is examined; for hud England been obliged
to do the same work, even with the number of
vessels she has adapted for the business, not
half the captures would have beon recorded.
The table does not comprise other vessels
thau tho^e which have been taken into Key
West. Could the prizes that have been sent to
New York, Philadelphia and Boston?anions
which are the English steamers Bermuda, Mem
phis, Ann, Ella Warley, Ladona, Stettin and
others?be included iu the list, tho sum total
would exceed, provided they are all con
demned, over six millions of dollars. Key
West, hitherto a port of entry of scarcely a..;,
note, has become since the war a place of gro.it
notoriety and importance, and the only place
in (he South where the United States had a
court; consequently the majority of the prizes
taken in the Culf were sent there for adjudi
cation.
To our naval readers the list will prove of
great interest, for many of them hnve partici
pated in the captures and expect to be benefitted
thereby. The final returns of many on the list
have yet to bo made; when they are received
the sum total will amount to at least three mil
lions of dollars?a nice sum to be divided
among the fow iutereriod. The Circassian aud
Columbia, English steamers, will alone increase
the amount a million and a quarter, aud the
Adela and Reliance half a million more. They
may be considered four prizes well worth
having.
The list numbers fifty-three, and nearly two.
thirds were under Englixh colors, only three,
however, legitimately, the others having tho pri
vilege to wear the bunting and carry the re
gister by the loose maritime laws of Great
Britain, which permit easy transfers from any
flag to their own', and a fine opening for rascality
by effecting bogus sales, aa in the case of nine
teenths of the vessels on onr prize list.
It requires but a small fee and less time in
Havana to transfer a rebel vessel to the care
and protection of John Bull. A rebel flaunting
the stars and bars may arrive in Havana in the
morning and before night the red bunting at
bis peak will proclaim him an honest English
man, pursuing a legitimate voyage, and entitled
to a growl from the seagirt isle should >he be
in any way interfered with on the high seas by
Uuole Sam's vessels.
The division of oar Gulf squadron and the
rapid increase of our number of cruisers have
bad the effect to discourage the honest people
who have so long carried on the business of
shipping brokers in Havana. The English and
Confederate (rebel) Consul GeneralshaVe found'
a terrible falling off in their consular fees; for
the issuing of British provisional registers and
other documents now amounts to nothing,
while six months since k was a daily occur
rence and a most profitable business. It
only required an Englishman of easy
conscience?and plenty of them were to
be found for a hundred dollars?to go
before bar Majesty's Consul General and
swear that he had purchased a certain veseel
and was the sole owner thereof, when the ne
cessary papers would be issued, the fee pocket
ed, and all was then right The newborn Eng
lish steamer, or whatever she may be, load*
her contraband cargo, and, with the same cap
tain and crew with which she ran the blockade
from Dixie, clears for Matamoras, and goes to
sea a legitimate trader, under the care and pro
tection of honest and strictly neutral England.
We may congratulate ourselves that this
work is about over, and, from the present well
guarded condition of our coast, will not be re.
newed. If Mr. llelm, the rebel Consul General
in Havana, is depending upon his former fees
from vessels that bad run the blockade to main
tain his present establishment, we advise him
to seek other employment, for Ids occupation is
gone?gone to the dogs; and if he waits for its
return it will be only hope deferred. We call
his attention to our prize lint. He will recog
nise many as old friends.
Fnxnovr and Phklps.?The War Department
has just republished an order issued in June
last, assigning General Fremont to a command
which he thought proper to decline, as it was
beneath his dignity to serve under any other
general. He resigned the command, but not
the pay of his Major Generalship. The Intent
of the repetition of the order Is to call him to
his duty, and to announce that resignations
cannot be accepted in face of the enemy ^
General Butler is therefore right in hold,
ing Phelps to his military obligations, and
neither giving^him leave of ubsonce nor accept
ing bis resignation, nor admitting tbe validity of
his silly pleu that to obey the orders of hh
superior officer to employ negroes in felling
timber, erecting abatis, and performing other
labor connected with his rump, would be to
become a slave driver, and to be guilty of that
sin which abolition fanatics define to bo " the
qutu of all vilianieH." Let 1- remont and Phelps
and every abolition officer be held to n strict
accountability, and be compelled to do their
fluty or abide the result of a court martiul.
Discipline imi-t be rigidly maintained, other
wise the am y will become utterly demoralized
*nd ' tuned.
TIm ApproathUf and th?
War.
Now that the eleotions are about to be held
for members of the House of Representa
tives aud the Senate, we trust that the atten
tion of the people and the State Legislatures
wIH be drawn to the subject, and that prac
tical aad vigorous measures will be adopted to
injure the oboioe of men worthy of the high
position and fitted to guide tho destinies of the
nation in this great crisis of its peril.
There were no statesmen in the last Con
gress, otherwise the oountry would not be in
the position which we find it to-day. For
the last thirty years corruption, party politics
aud fanaticism hare fillod the balls of the Na
tional Legislature with men utterly incompetent
and depraved, and the talent and worth and
respectability of the country have shunned
Congress, Instead of being attracted to it as a
theatre of legitimate ambition. The rebellion
and the civil war which are now desolating the
republic are the natural fruits of electing such
men to the high places of trust. The duty of
the people is to turn a new leaf, and, instead of
electing men because they belong to this party
or that, to select tbem for their character and
ability. Let the primary elections be attended
by the people or overthrown by their action at
the ballot box. There ought to be but one
party now, and that is the party of the Union,
the constitution and the laws?the party who
will support and sustain the government which
is standing between us and anarchy without
ond. Let men of the right stamp, therefore,
be eluctcd, without regard to their party ante
cedents, and let the old organizations be broken
up forever and scattered to tho four winds of
heaven.
There is the grandest opportunity now for
statesmen and patriots to gain undying renown
nud do as much for the cause of the couutry as
the most successful generals can do in the field.
Tlitfcerto good and high-minded men, abhorring
the base appliancoa by which they must obtain
nomination* for Congress, have kept aloof
n'ld avoided as serpen to the degraded
?v:r <!!"?;? who sold their votes and the
i:. ?r -N of th^'r constituents for sums
of ia<?..o\ varying from n thousand dollar draft
up to a hundred thousand dollars. The war
Is on<* tjood tiling?it has opened the
< ? s of the nation to the character of tho men
\s!io have been representing it. The r frauds,
their ignorance and their incompetence have
been laid bare. There is. therefore, now an
opening and a flue field for the talents of a new
set of men. War^ and revolutions always over
throw the old party hacks and bring up the
great men of the nation. Let the people assist
in the good work, and no longer leave their in
terests In the hand^ of caucuses and corrupt
nominating committees, but come forward
themselves to take counsel together and send
to the capital men of merit and integrity, no
matter to what party they may have hitherto
belonged, provided they now go with all their
hearts and energies for the maintenance of the
Union and the constitution, equally against the
armed rebellion of the South and the treache
rous abolition treason of the North, which is
laboring day and night to render permanent
the separation between the North and the
South?to make it a great, fixed and irreversi
ble fact of American history. Let one consti
tutional party be raided from the ruins of all
the old party organizations, aud let all minor
considerations be mergod in the mighty issue
at stake. When bad men combine to destroy
the country good men ought to unite to save.
Important Ordkr from the War Office.?
We publish in another column the order just
issued by the Secretary of War in regard to
drafting. It is a most important order, and we
therefore draw particular attention to it. It
appear* that, in addition to the six hundred
thousand men called for by the government,
it is intended to fill up all the old regiments to
their original effective strength. This will
(five ?a a m'llion and a quarter of artned men
in the field. According to thin new order no
bounty will be paid to volunteers for the new
regiments now organizing for the field after
the 22d of this month; that no bounty will be
paid to recruits for the old regiments in the.
field after the 1st of September, and that draft
ing will begin at eight o'clock on the morning
of that day. Now here are from six to eight
hundred thousand men to be put into the field;
and aH the liberal bounties offered?by the
United States government of 9100, $2"> in ad
vance; by the State government of $60, and by
private individual* of from t2."> to fflO,
as well as the sum of <*>0 to each man
to be appropriated by the Common Council?
will be completely lost to recruits if they do
not volunteer for the new regiments before the
22d instant, and for the old regiments by the 1st
of neat month. There is now but little time
for men to decide. The best way is to volun
teer at onee, and leave a snug sum for the
wives and children. If the period fixed by the
government be allowed to go by nobody
drafted in the army will get more than $13 a
month. This is the long and the short of the
whole thing. The difference is simply this:
men volunteering at once will receive quite a
respectable rum of money in shape of
hountie*. with which they can rmwo provision
for their f amilies; whereas when it comes to a
draff every one (-elected will bo compelled to
go without a farthing of bounty, and men hav
ing families will have to leave them to provide
for themselves as best they can.
A Wrr Blanket on thk Rbssls.?At Fort
Donelson. and in varions other battles of last
winter resulting in the capture of rebel prison
ers, it was discovered that to pro toot them
selves against the cold tbe rebel soldiers, in the
absence of blankets and woollens usually worn*
were, to a great extent, supplied with cotton
comforters, cotton overcoats and blankets and
overcoats made from carpets. Now. as the Bum
mer is waning away, and the cold season is
coining on again, the question recurs, how will
the rebel army be clothed for the next winter's
campaign, should the war be prolonged into the
winter? They have exhausted the supplies of
woollens and blankets, Ac., which they had on
hand at the outlet; the blockade has cut them
off from all outside soureec of supply, and tbeir
home factories have never supplied one-tenth
part of their wants, oven iu times of peace.
Wo conolnde that the rebel leaders, in view of
this Important item of the soldier's winter
clothing, which they < annot. from their own re- ,
sources, supply for another winter campaign,
have been and are devoting all their energies to
the overthrow of Gen. McClellan and the capture
of Washington before the winter sets in. a? the
last desperate chance for their Southern con
federacy. Let, then, our reiiifon cinents to Mc
Clellnn and Pope be hurried forward. ?o that
in this la?t desperate effort for existence wo
may be able to turn this rebellion out in the
cold and reduce it to an immediate surrender.
CAtuiua M. CuiT*u Lamm.?We five
Hon. Caseins M. Clay the benefit of our column*.
in the circulation of the letter which we pub
lish this morning, defining his position with
regard to uegro slavery, negro liberty, and the
negro question in all its various phases.
Mr. Clay thinks we hare done him injuslioa
in our report of and remarks upon his lato
speech in Waahingtou; but we cannot discover
that this letter materially changes tha ewe.
He says that " you again refer to my speech In
Washington as yon reported it, and not as I
uttered it, with a view of creating, I suppose,
what is now called a sensation editorial, or to
extort from me a reply for the benefit of yoar
journal." But this will not do. It Is an old
dodge of our politicians, when fairly caught by
the reporter, to charge upon him a wilful or
accidental perversion of their remarks; but,
from numerous examples of this sort, we must
persist la adhering to the notes of the disin
terested reporter against the memory of the in
terested politician. In the next place, the idea
that in our commentaries upon Mr. Clays
speech our object was to extort from him a
letter for the benefit of our journal, Is a very
absurd idea. The saddle is on the other hoi*.
Wc publish Mr. Clay's letter, to give him the
benefit, through our columns, of his own de
fence, and because just now there is a lull in
the war whioli enables us to trot him ont, a*
the judicious stage manager brings forward a
danseuae or a funny fellow with a comic song,
to fill up the interval between the more impor
tant. performances of the evoning.
Mr. Clay Is also very wide of tho mark in
saying that he has never heretofore been
honored with his name in our columns. His
newspaper reading of the laBt ten years has
been somewhat limited, or his memory must be
very bad, or he could not have made
this silly declaration. But he is con
strained to admit the " sublimity" of
our " audacity," which he declares " is made
respectable alongside of the indirection, the
mendacity, the meanness, and the cowardice
of your rivals, tho London Times, and the New
York Times, its feeble follower." This keen
and well applied opinion of Mr. Clay shows
that, with all his negro emancipation and
negro liberty crotchets, he is a man of some
discernment. On tho scorc of audacity wo can
excuse him, iu view of his well deserved judg
ment against that great English blunderer,
called the Thunderer, and "the New York
Times, its feeble follower." And so, upon the
airuiglity negro, we submit Mr. Clay's letter to
our readers, without further remark, exoept tha*
it leaves him in the position in which be stood
before?that of an abolition impracticable in
hostility to tho sound and sagacious negro policy
of the administration.
Tun Negro on Doty.?If fanaticism would
only rocognize the fact, there are plenty of
ways iu which negroes could be made more ser
viceable to the Union cause than by placing
arms in tholr hands. The ? deficiencies of
our ambulance service, for Instance, have
been due entirely to the absence of organisa
tion and system that prevailed In It. In the
French and Prussian armies the servloe Is ea
perfect as discipline can properly make it. A
corps of men is specially trained for it, and they
arc never diverted from it to any other kind of
work. Take the contrabands?generally speak
ing, ble bodied and lusty fellows?form
them into a corps of this sort, properly ofl
cered. and subject to all the regulations and
penalties that govern the military? The prac
tice of withdrawing soldier* from the ranks
to carry the wounded to the rear is one that
tends very much to cripple the effective
strength of our army, and there Is no routrn
that wo can see why negroes should not be al
lotted to this duty. They are susceptible of
discipline?as was shown in the army of McClei
lan, who was the first to place them under
military discipline?and, so long ss they are not
called upon to handle a gun or fight, would b?
delighted to be thus employed. The with
drawal of able bodied soldiers as nurses from
the hospitals suggests another service to which
they could be profitably devoted. It is pro
pose#now to employ convalescent soldiers for
this purpose; but it is obvious that they are of
all persons the most unfitted for it, their ow*
experience of a hospital giving them
a distrte for the work, and their
continuance in its impure atmosphere tend
ing to retard their recovery. There is
no better attendant or nurse than a negro.
Here is, therefore, another service for which
they are woll fitted, and it requires only
that they shall be subject to stringent mili
tary control, as in the French hospitals, to cwm
them of their lazy tendencies. In the weA
'of digging and trenching no better laborers can
be found, always provided that they are kept
under rigorous surveillance. The proper way
of treating them would be to enroll them te
distinct gangs or organizations for all theen
purposes, subjecting them to ti?e rules of tha
military service, and punishing them as deserter#
when found attempting to run nway. Thera
are at present from forty to fifty thousand abla
bodied contraband males within our lines,
who by this plan could be ma.le to relievo tha
army from a great deal of toilsome and harass
ing labor, thereby adding to its effective strength
and rendering it at all times more ready to taka
the field. This is the only way in which the
negro can be made of any n*e to L nion. To
arm him would only be to spoil a good laborer
and mtiko a wretched soldier, to say nothing
of disgusting white men with the military ser
vice.
Important Maxii ksto of Archbishop Hdoukh*
We publish in another part of this morning's
paper a most important sermon delivered yes*
terday by Archbishop Hughes at the Cathedral,
the first he has preached since his retain from
Europe. It is one of the most significant and
Important pennons ever delivered from any
Catholic pulpit in this country. It is evidently
the result of deep thought and deliberation
on the part of the Archbishop, and its effect,
not only here, but throughout, the whole Catho
lic world, Bust be productive of the highe?t con
sequence*. It fully involves the Catholic
Church in th* perpetuity of this republic and in
the suppTewoa ol this wicked lebeilion. Ths
views thus enunciated by the Archbishop srs
tboec of i> umiu of great observation, and pvovs
him to be a ptuloiHtd suitesmati
A.votiirk Mammas Lstharot.?The Kicb
mond Difjmlt'h complains that the lethargy
which has fallen upon the rebel government
and army since the late terrible bit'Mes on ths
Chick&hominy is like that whir ?wed ths
battle of Manassas?six weeks o, tuactivi
ty. The Richmond editor cannot comprehend
it. We think, however, It may readily he
solved- General Mr.Clellan. on the Chicks