Austria is trying, but In vain, to concentrate around her
the heterogeneous races which are escaping from her
domination. Hungary dares to rosist Iter opculy. Venetia,
bent beneath a yoke of iron, and regarding with
gloomy anger tho cannon pointed on St. Murk's square?
Venetia will riso to-morrow, and will in her tnin resist.
In Croatia. In tho Tyrol?everywhere. In fact?the same
symptoms are manifested. AmI u afraid. Austria
crdcs, Austria gran's constitutions. She mutters,
UIUUKII 1.IIU.UUWI Hi mix v, tu? nvi?n mm
liberty. What hut happened? What htgnides this sudtlan
conversion? Austria, designated by lie Moist ra as
the great enemy of mankind, has become liberal. Tit* sho
bocoine so willingly or unwillingly? No matter; t .e fact
le there. Th* rhattitrmmt injli- ted on the.fie.ldt of hattle of
Magenta ntul S< lferi;ui it producing fruit. Austria bown
down before what she formerly cursed; sho adores what
she burned.
Catharine Hayes died at Sydenham, England, on the
11th Inst., aftor a week's illness.
A female rival of Blondin, who essayed to cross the
Thames on a roj>e, opposite Cremorne Hardens, came near
meeting with a serious accident. She proceeded half
way across hut was unable to get any further, owing to
the rope having become too slack, some of the guy ropes
having b"cn stolen. She dropped astride the rope, and
as it was found lm]**siblc to throw linos up to hor, she
ultimately flung herself upon one of tlio gay ropes and
gradually lowered hersulf into a boat amid the cheers of
excited thou? amis.
The Rus-ian and Swedish governments bad declined to
support the English project for a submarine telegraph in
the Baltic and over Gothland to I.ihau.
Tho intciliget.ee from New Zealand Is again gloomy.
Sedition was spreading among tho natives. Tho Governor
has issued a proclamation demanding obedience.
The City of Washington hus brought tho following
SrKCIE LIST.
Edward Rough ?500 ,1. 11. Brower & Co.. .?1,200
Halstead, Chamberlain Win. lbbotson 300
A Co l.ooo Snow ft Burgess 1,000
T. I)., No. 1 I,0f0 Nesmith U bona 3,388
J. ! '. Kri cmau & Co... 800 ?
Total ?8,688
THE AMERICAN REBELLION.
Mr. Russell to tlic I.nndnti Times on tlic
Defeat ut Manassas.
TUB RKIIKJ ARMY COI I.I) 1IAVK fc.MTilUU) WAM1IS0T0N?HE
SI'KCtl.A'IKi AS TO Tllk RKASONS WHY IT BID NOT.
WASUUMJTON, July 29. 1801.
On thin I'ny w . ok the Confederates cuuUl haw marched
into the < a} ital <f the United Slates. They took no immediate
step to follow up (heir unexpected success. To this
moment their movements have betrayed 710 fixity/ ;nwjy-se
or settled plan to pursue an aggressive war. or even
"to liberate Maryland if they have the means of doing
80.''
And, indeed, their success was, as 1 suspected, not
known to them in its full proportions, and their loss.combined,
perhaps, with the condition of their army, a.i
much as political and prudential motives actuating thenleaders,
may have had a fair share In producing the state
of inactivity with which tho federalists hnvo no reason to
be dmsatislied.
tllK "SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT'' ATTEMPTS A MFLOXAIIC VIEW
or otTR vnion position.
lot us lortk around, now tluit the smoke of battle has
Cleared away, aud try to examine the condition of the
ground,
? First as regards foreign relations:?
The personal good feeling and perfect understanding
which exist between the representatives of the great Ku
ropoan Powers directly interested in America are founded
on an appreciation of tho exact demands of the Interests
they represent, and on tho necessities of a common
honorable policy. England, havmg a vast commorro directly
involved in the contest has naturally
been' the first to provide for its safefy in
American waters, and has also felt it desirable,
in the fare if theilesjiera/e cmtnseU which haw been given r.n
this side fifths Atlantic to furnish a trifling reinforcement
to her small military establishment iu Canada. Tho fleet at
present 111 ei.?rvatioti is neither powerful nor offensively
disposed, and no exception call he taken to the mode
In which It hr : acted by the most sensitlvo Americans,
although attempts have been made to arouse vulgar pre
Indices hy erroneous statements respecting tho views and
declarations of Admiral Milne. The authoritative a.-sections
on tliat gi.tiject in some of the journals here are destitute
of authority, except that of the writer. What is of
more consequence, perhaps, in i cpect to the preservation
of friendly relations between Kneland and the United
States. Is the fact that a great change has come over the
viev t of the m'/nlert or member of the Cabinet who was tupposed
to seek the renmstruction0} th f'niin in a tear with
Great Ilritniv. and tlint ttie most favorable disposition is
Wnced to cultivate our good graces, not by auy sacrifice of
principles. but by the adoption of a tone at once calm,
just and digniQcd, which will ho appreciated hy the
Foroign Office. It is not probable, either, that w e shall
hear much more about the immediate annexation of
Canada, and the fury ol 750,000 "better llinn French"'
soldiers with which wo were thicateiicd will he for a
time averted.
Tint MOKItltX TAWFF AS A CACSE OF EMP.Iinil.MEVr.
But If there are such pleasant changes in the diplomatic
and press world there in nothing at all like them in coin
mercial relajtons. Is the Senate it iB proposed to clap a
round ten si rent ou all the duties to bo levied under the
Morrill tar?, and Mr. Simmons, th" father of this wicked
little bit of political economy, declares ho will thereby
raise $15,000,000 of additional revenue. The Houso of
Representatives, on the contrary, propose to raise revenue
by taxes on coffee, tea, sugar, pepper, spices anil articles of
the sort, not of necessity nor of luxury, but in the intermediate
position, so lb it every 1 no w h i us. s tlioin now
will continue to do so. notwitstftndmg the lax, and 110 one
will bo the worse for It. Oil thoso plans it is probable
there w i'.l lie a oonference between the two branch' s of
the Legislature, in which the conn 1. ling systems may be
adjusted or nma'.i moated. Tic ivorac tax to be iideiito.l
will give some $ !(>.OOO.OOO, according to tlie calculations
of the designers, uml the people fondly believe 11 wiii be
removed as soon as the war is over.
ATTICSfr TO INTLAJ1B THE IWKMVriLB 1 YTEI1F.STH OF FfUMT
AND Rt'SSIA?AUJWSU OIIMOK8 OF TUK M1NISTKKS OK I10TU
THKSK COITNTBIBS.
If the increase of len )>or cent on the Morrill tariff bo
Actually passed, it is difficult to h p bow Kriuico ean continue
to regard with friendly feelings such a direct attack
on ber great article of exportation. Kngland is accustomei
V> bear these things I rem tlio United States, hut France
fannnl afford any meddling or mischief in Iter n-'ne trade
tnd fur tiibaocn tiumiijeiiy. M. Merrier, tho energetic and
Ible representative of our ally, is said to cntortain strung
lotions that the. om'etl now waging cannot terminate in the
fKeeom qf IM North in what it jrojotet to iitelf.
U- deHtoeckl, the Russian Minister, who baa lived long
|n America, knows ber statesmen and the genius of her
people and institutions, and Is a man of sagacity and yigv
fW (| boHtoodi to Jtotd tfti icihm
N
P?rlm|>s the only minister who has really boon neutral,
observing faithfully all engagementa to aetuaiiy existing
Powers, and e ediiluusly avoiding all occasion ol otleuce or
Irritahiilty to an Irrilabla jieople, rendorod more than
usually so by the evil days which bavu falleu U|K>n them,
Is the discreet and loyal nobloniau who represents Great
Ilrituin, ami who is tlio only one threatened with u withdrawal
of passports and all sorts o< pains and penalties
for the presumed hostility of his got eminent to the United
States.
IS Tim NORTIt nn MKKKI.Y TtlR I>ttWVWT?t
Tlie world sees tliat the North has not treated Iho
Southerners as rebels?w will not my it hut nut daunt
h> iloso. lint Iho federalists have treated the Confederates
III) to this iiioiiii.iii -111 1.1.11ln..r.11I11 if nlmln urn inii,
imprisoned, and shot at discretion. Their llugs uro not
received; tho exchange of prisouerg with rebels is ridlouIons.
A rogular "blockade" of robol port* Is quite ntiomalous.
It ri'imiius to bo seen, after Mr. Davis' recent lilnt*,
what the tforenniunt dares tut to in the. case tj' the "pi
raitat" whom its cruiser* caught in Uie ait, ml handed, of
jiriratotring jnlicp. Meant into tlto urm raised to rhastiso
unil subtitle has been struck down,and the attitude of the
North is just note deftrsire. There will be on tho part of
the one pooplo whom the American prtts has most lusulted
and abused every dis|*)slUoii to give fair play and
t* llsteu to llio call for "time." Hut the quarrel must
lirive its liuiita?the time must bo fixed, and the sponge ,
must be thrown up if one or other of the combatant* cannot
"come up" to it; nor does it seem a case in which
any amount of "Judicious bottleholdlng" run prolong
the fight. Now, nt the present moment the North is litis
able to go into tho contest than she was a month ago.
She has suffered a defeat, she has lost morale, and mateHeL
He,-ides killed, wounded and prisoners, cannon,
arms, baggage, she lias lost an army of three-months
men. who hnvo marched away to their homes at tlm
very moment the capital was in the greatest danger.
AXnTIIKR SKIER AT TIISI KKOKKAL IIKI.NIOKi KMKMS.
I'p to this period the reinforcements received do not
bring up the federalists to the strength they had before
tlie light. Nnouc can or will tell how munv have strayed
away and gone o(T from their r< gunents sinco they returneil
to the camps here, but the actual number of men
w ho have come hero are less than those who have gone
away homo hy fully 8,000 rank mm Hit). And tlio change
had hoeii by no moan* for tho better, Tin-throe months
men at least had been three months under aruiq, They
wore probably tit least as martial aritl as ready to light as
the n si of their iieople. Just us they aro most required
ami likely not to bo quite unserviceable, they retire to
receive ill deserved and ridiculous ovations, us though
lliey hail been glorious conquerors and patriots, instead
ot being broken and routed fugitives, who marched
nlf from Washington when it might ho ex|>ected the
enemy were advancing against it. In their place come
lovtes who have not bail even the three months' training,
uud who are. not as well equipped, so far as 1 can see, as
their predecessors, to faca men who are elated with sue- i
cess and tho prestige of the llrst battle gained, anil to be
associated with regiments cowed, probably, and certainly,
in some instances demoralized, hy defeat.
The artillerymen vim cut the timet if their horses from
caisson and rarriay at least Knew more about gtins than the
nan wlu) unit he )mt to I to nao fold batteries which government
are getting up as fust as'they can; and the muskets,
of the best description, left on the tlelil or taken, cannot
be replaced far a lono time to ccme.
In fact, much of this army must lie reorganized in face
of an enemy. That enemy is either incompetent or artful;
it is quite certainhe is not netuiited by dement yor a gent rout
jrdy. Engineers aro hard at work strengthening the jm?silionoiitho
south hunk of the river; but forts do not
constitute safety. Without stout hearts behind their
lines anil breastworks, abattis and redoubts avail nothing.
A GRAND PLAN OS ATTACK ON WASHINGTON MAPPKll OUT WY TIIK
L. L. I).?GKNKKAI. 1IKAI IlKtlAUD WON'T VKNTIKK 1'M.KsH
AI.MO.NT CKKTAIN OS MJCCUSS.
It must he that the confederates aro deficient in the
means of triuis|ort, or In actual force to muko an attack
which is so obvious, if they desire to show tho North it is
not (hissIMo to subdue them. Tho corps which went from
Winchester to Manassas under Johnston is put by the federalists
at 40,000. l.et us take it at half that number,
iieaureguro and Ian> are said to have had 60.000 at Manassas,
including, I presume, Ihe forces between it and
Kichnmud. Divide that again. There were certainly
'JO,(KM) hot ween Monroe, tho Court (V) and ltichmoml, of I
u-' IS ltd .11 l,A Ulw,.n.l . .iii.l #... I ol.l., M.t I
tiio capital of tin' Confederate State* there was available
at least another corps of 10?000, which rnuld have been
readily strengthened by 10.000 or ld.OCO moro front tho
South in case of a supreme effort. There serins no reason,
iu.t conn-rtest with transport. equipment, or discipline, why
the Cemfedrrates shun Id mi lui t* been able Inst week to take
the fhl'l with 7A.IN.0 men, in two rnijui ; one quite strung
enonyh to menace the farce en the rigid hank of the I'ntomac,
aud to hold it in check, or to prevent it going over to tho
other aide ; the other to rrvts ir.to Maryland. which tit now
in parti miiy kept quirt by force, ami to advance down on
Washington from the west and north.
In the evi ut of success the political advantage* would he
very great at home and abroad, and there would ho a new
base of operations Rained close to the enemy's lines, while
the tub atitujpK of holding the 1'otomac and < h sapcako
Fay would bo inueli neutralized and finally destroyed. The
Mary Yard wotlid fall into thr enemy's hands. Fort Washington
would probably soon follow. Fortress Monroe
wuuld be coniieinncd (o greater isolation. Philadelphia
itself would bo ui imminent danger should the Confederates
attempt greater aggression.
But, for one, (ienernl Beauregard will consent to no plan
of operations in which success is not rendered as certain
as may be by all |Kiesiblo precautions,and be might not
lavor a proposal which would lead to dividing an army
into two parts, with a river between tliein ami au enemy
on each side. Monroe ami Ifamptcn. which are tho true
bases of operations against Richmond, have beeu weakened
to reinforce the army covering Washington and
Iiarp'T's Kerry, and yet I doubt if theroareon the south
| hank of the Potomac ut this moment 40,000 men nil along
the lines who could movooul and offer au enemy battle,
leaving any adequate guards iu the trenches und gurrisons
in the te'.e du-js.nt and works.
THE CAVALRY OK TIIK SOCTI..IIN AIIWT AND LOSS OR MAVT
MOUNTED " tirSTIiMKN. '
The Confederates,as you were informed from Ihe Sonth,
have enlisted men to serve for liiu war, ami take no
others. The staple of their army will undergo no change,
and as 11 grown ohli r it ought to gel better, unless it.bc
beaten.
You will pardon mo for referring to a romark in one of
my previous letters, lhut there might he tierce skirmishes,
and even Hani;Miliary engagements, hetwoen the two
armies, lint Unit these would be followed hy no decisive
results, ow ing to the want of cavalry. Strange to say,
though the panic and very discreditable rout was caused
by alarms of, an 1 might have been prevented hy tho
presence of cavalry, no steps are taken to remedy that
great deficiency. The wluntrert who were at Vantutat will
nertr stand the itum on horuhaH again,nml I believe tho
Confederated are quite aware of thoir advantage, though
th y may have had to mourn Ute loss of many gentlemen
who fell during the day.
MILITAUY KXAIMIKRATOITS NOllTIl AMI SOrTH.
The Northern (vipers are increasing tho amount of
butter in proportion as they decrease the losses of their
leaves, and they do not appear Ih perceivo that the
smaller the latter w ore the |<: s should ho the layer ol' the
former?for it is no credit to au army to lose Its guns,
abandon its positions, threw away its muskets, leave its
wouuded in tho hands of the enemy, and run scm- thirty
and odd miles from front of t'entreville, not merely to
Arlington, hut to Washington, without any cause at all;
far without loot there mtu no ratine of retreat, and ther'fore
no izruse_fnr panic and unit. Again, they say there
wa> only ii portion of their army engaged, lba.groater
shame lor those who were not engaged to run, then.
Kut beforo the battle, whou Mellow . li s force was enumerated
in terrorem at 60.000, it w as said lift, on regiments
had subsequently .joined. Now it is averred only
16,000, IS,000. or 2U.000 were in action. What oil earth
And I am obliged to say that Mr. Davis' statements are
quite as startling: lor. while lie declare* the enemy were
"5,000 strong, lie astonishes us by assorting that of all his
host only 15.000 took |uirl in tbo battle. As to losses,of
coirs) it is beyond auything but imagination to give an
estimate. Regiments reported to have been annihilated
have turrnd up, quite ha o and hearty, neat as imported,
on tlio day of marching homo; and l'ond parents, wivos
and relatives will he spared mauy pangs and a great deal
of mourning. I think my estimate of killed and wounded
was nearly correct. Tlio prisoners may amount to more
tlian 900 or 1,000, hut tin1 feeleralists hare Inst more heamly
than the to/all under these heads would show, prrhajis.
It would he rutiler ridiculous to calj it either a hard
fought, a bloody, or a glorious Held; but it was an important
one; it was a most trying otic to tbc federalists,
who were badly %ftd aiul hard worked in a icaterUn country,
on a July day. for ticeli* hours; they were exposed to
the demoralising eijerls of long continued curtilbryfin.
lu spite of their want of discipline and the very unaccountable
rout, the federalists at lirst showed alacrity,
hut after a time they became torpid aod dilllcult to
handle.
Noouo questions the general bravery of Americans, native
or adopted, on either side; hut a defeat is rendered
worse than ridiculous by attempts to turn it into a
trintiiph. Let the unfortunate bravo rest content with
the sympathy they deserve, and shun the ovations which
are the due of the conqueror, l'raiseand Hattery cannot
relako a gun, nor save u staodard, nor win a battle?oven
if it be from voocpnpuli in Broadway or liowory.
ARMT AMI FIXAXCJAL MKAKTRKS OK TTOt WASntVOTON OARrXET.
The government in sumo measure let the world poo
what they think of the charges made against the otllcers
of the army in reference to the lalo battle. Here is an
order just published.
[Mr. Russell here gives tlio order (July 25) of Adjutant
General Thomas. T'nited States Army, directing that
volunteer officers shall undergo an examination, as well
as the reconstruction of the military districts iu Virginia,
Maryland, Delaware and Pennsylvania.?En. IIkrami.]
lie then continues?Yesterday a hill was passed by tlio
lbiupc of lb preventatives InqioBii g a tax on carriages of
from $1 to $50; gold watches, ?1; silver watches, 50c.;
excise on spirnuons liquors, 6c jer gallon; and on l'er
mono d liquors, 60c. per barrel, or 2c. a gallon. All inn.tiii
i ,,v..r ?.i,n I..... ..limit.i If.r.w. tu.r it,,.'..,'...,.
m< nev ut interi I. \c. Kvory interest in the count iy is
t ix . Including a tax <D tlie Bet iMOOt of tlx
bnki, but not on ihmr cirnwytf bank circulation.
Inn .-<1 estates are likewise taxed, and if it bo accepted
by the othor branches of the Legislature, Uta people of
the North will lir^in 10 fool that lighting Is au expensive
luxury, i art. ; u iy t: it be unsuccessful,
umiaut.* ranks, in tick, axi> tub fortifications of
Formal us toi ma hihmji op jambs mat
It w ill tie we. ks tieforo we have done bearing and pee.
ing accounts of l'.u;l rni1. ne us it may bo bettor cubed,
ot Manassas, unl ..souie other action intervenes, as is
rent likely tndu -d.
t'ctt. liauk". i finding at.y ndvantago In occupying n
pouit iti firollt of-liar per'.- Kerry, on the Virginia side,' lots.
it ie iflhrmed, withdrawn ell dm troops to a poattnata
Maryland, which ctininiaiiui-tho p ages from the Kerry;
iiudi.it.. I * . tier, at Kurti" s Moans?, feels himself cor.t|.
Ill d to abendon bis a hauci it works at li.itti|d<; which
1 iles.cn:ied hurriedly Ike ether day .anil to retire to the
oover d th< pas of Uiaplaea. rnrli taa Mtaii na li nulla
imprecnub'e to tho enemy, for they have not thi ,,H.ang
of undert. king a regulai . ego. If they grt heavy pun* end
mortar*, tun nr, thry mn certainly make the iiii'i ior unpleasant.
and should they open trnu h<s the ./Im,means may
hare a Sebastii} - ! in ;war Otd J'uint Comfort.
Meantime tho command of Colonel Phelps, at Xcwport
News, consist tug of four regiments, is threatened by the
enemy. Hib camp is intrenched and furnished with a
few howltxers and Held pieces, and heavy guns on the
river face. I beard him apply to General Butler, when I
was there, for horses and harness for his guns, as if he
wanted to mote IbeoudUele e grim, dour, ?teru soldier
EW YORK HERALD, WE
'i'
of the old Puritan typo, and If attacked ho will defend hie
rjun|i to the U.?t. Should he b$ teuton, the Confederate)
will have both notro of James rufkKKI-.TIVK
VA] UK UK UIK <>N IIOTil RIPCS?SONG
OV tiik '' MRSr I llll i itu i i I I'll torn than UHKK IKUAli
OK GKHNaKM.
The more elorcty thiwonnseiiiienecs of Mannnsas are in
v?Kti|taled. the more eerioim they eeera to he. ]t uiuMt
ha grunted that the ronlmlerntes loel their Iokjoh more
ovorely th in the North Mima. Their colonel) and officers are
mm if mark, and oven of privatoH killed or wounded
ant ee onAdr. > tmfdjfhtp thai V belong t<> nood fhniili" and
mr. irotj Jtniwn jieyp*. The ()'? end Maes ami Veils (tee of
Mm letter!, the Corcniaiit, Cameron* ami Brii(y(ei *, prlwaters
Wounded (it killed, ore of I*** ronemjurnce. In the hnrtat
Ai,.fun iu the h'urth M"in do Hovijttnne. J'reetone and Moioonqn
arr te ' South. Air. Davis .ni'l u few .>r III* hOdorx \\t-re
to fnll in huttlo there would bo less chance of tlin South
continuing itr< struggle with the Harm- heurt tuiil confidence;
hul i 'I'' 1'uHiirt trior in i/o to-mnrnnr Horn U'lihhingtoo.
tSe rpm of If" fr'nrthrm Slatm iruulU mil hr ilrminirluil on* iota.
ASNOCXUiMlltlS OF TliK VICTOR* HY TIIK KKIiKI. CIIIKSS.
From the South, an yet, wo have only a few sciUorod
details of llio Unlit unci of Its results; but it can bo Boon
dial Ib'To wan no very grout exultation over the victory.
The following lutoroHling extracts from the Richmond In
quirtv of July 23 will furnifh a good idou of the munnur
In which the news was received:?
[Mr. Russell gives hero.the despatch of Jefferson Davis
to Mrs. Davis, announcing the triumph; nlso his olllolul
report to Ailjutunt General Cooper at Richmond, the
speech of Mr. Mcmmingcr in the rebel Congress un
nouncing the news, with the resolutions |>assod by that
body on the occasion.?En. Hkkai.ii.)
He then adds?It will bo observed when Mr. Davis telegraphed
to his wife he spoke of u dearly bought victory
and a close pursuit. Of (lie latter thorn are no evidences;
many troops remained till next morning in Ceulrenlle,
nut tour miles from the scene of the tight, and General
Schouck's re|s>rt states he w ithdrew his innn in good or
der at his leisure, it will bo seen, too, tbut all wliieli bus
been soul of Hie enemy outllaiiking the federalists' left is
rubbish, and that the main contest was, us I slated, on
the right of the line.
Mr. Davis returned by train to Richmond on tbo 23d a
conqueror. Jlut conduct Is thus described:?
[Here be gives the account of Jeff, llavls' reception,
with the report of bis remarks, already published.?Eni
Hkiui.ii.]
TUB MKMCAt. AFTt.lASCRS AXD Nl'RRHOXH OF TUB ARMY.
The "luxury Of ambulaaOM" is a now and curious
Kriiuiiu "i compiaini, iiiKi i sus|n'i i nun mere wi'i'o ii"t
many articles of the kind in the rear of the Confederate
army.
Ajvrnpas at this subject, I must remark I hat one clan
of oflloors in the federal army diil Iheir duty nobly?Hit
surf/tons nniuined on the Jield u hi n all olht.i t were retiring
or had trft. One is tipotM killed : -it are prisoners in
the hands of lim enemy, engaged in attending the wound
eil i f both sides?an iiivaluahlu aid to the scanty medical
alatrof the Confederates,
There is no reason to believe the treatment of wounded
or prisoner* was what it was reported to have been.
There may have been some isolated act* of atrocity in
the heat of battle or pursuit, and it is only too likely lh.it
a building in wlneli wounded men were placed was set lire
to by a shell, hilt it is only justice to the Confederate an
tliorities to say that they seem to have done all they could
for those who foil Into their luiinls Much irritation has
tieon created by the fatso statements circulated on this
subject, uud the soldiers on guard over Confederate prisoners
here would not permit them to reeeivo some littlo
luxuries which had been ordered by syimiatliizlng in
hahitunts, ou tho ground that they did not deserve them
after the treatment given by their friends to the federal
is is.
TIIKASOV MISTS IN KVKI1T WtrARTMKNT OS TIIK FKOt.ltCI. GOV
KKNMLUCT.?WHAT Mil. Kl'tWKU. SAW IN 11IK ll.MTKII STATUS
l'lisr OfFICK.
And as 1 have used the word "sympathizer*," let me
?dd the expressloiimr my belief thrt. I hi re it/cartel y <i department,
high or low, of the public terrice of the United
Slatrt in whisht here it not "treason"?I mean the aiding
and abetting the em my by Information and advice. It it
openly tnlleeil in society?its work is eeident on all tides.
I went into the private department of the Pent Olllee the
otlier ilay, and found therm ipnilcmanbutily rnnaurd in
sorting lel'er* at a desk. The last lime. I rgw him was at
dinner uith the Commissioner* of the Cool' derate State* nt Washington,
ami I ira< ratio r lurprtml ta see him voir in the sanctum
of the Post i 'flier, uHhiu a/tie/eet of Mr.Blair, of tlie sangreatol
of abolitionism.
Said be, " I am just looking oner the. lettert here to pick
out some J'or our Southern friouls, ami I forward them to
their owners as J Jtnd them;" and if the excellent anil
acute gentleman did not also forward any little, scraps of
new* he. could collect I am in error.
Again, a series of maps prepared with groat rare, fur
the use of General McDowell's staff, are given out to be
photographed, and are so scarce that sii|*>rior officers cannot
get them. Nevertheless, me isfmtnd inateMaf a Con
federate ctfhcrr, in tlieadcauce of Fairfax Court Ihruse, which
must hare hejn tent to him as noon as it teas ready.
It is also asserted that General Beauregard knew beforehand
el' McDowell s advance; but the Confederates left in
such has to that much credence cannot be given to the
statement that the enemy were fully informed uf the fact
any considerable length of time betorehaud.
TUK "ONTO XICHXOSlV' CRY OS Tlltt AIIOI.ITION ITS"8 AND
TtlKUl MIAKY DKNIAI.SOr IT?RKVKLATlONfl OV TUB "t-ITfUt
VHJ.AIS," SRFSII SROM l.KNKRAL SCOTT'S DINNKR TATUS.
The battle having been duly fought und lost, the federallsU
are employing their minds to llud out why it was
fought at all.
The convulsions into which the New York press lias
been thrown by the inipiiry resemble those produced on
a dead t'rog by the wire of (fulvaiii. " Who or led ' On to
Richmond r' " " .V?< I, 'port my honor. It was shouted out
try some one in my house, hut I don't know who. Ineoergave
him authority, /won't rlunit anything any more."
" Who urged General Scolt to light I lie balMe, and never
gave anylxdy eny |ieaeetill ho was ordered to do itf
" Nobody!" ' It sea* that other fellow.'' "l'leate,sir, it
wasn't oie."
" I never approved it."'
i ii nt-ii-i raj 11 maa la'a sooner again.
"Mr. 1'reiidmt knows I didn't."
It in really a most curious study. I begin to think
that the host possible instructors may sometimes bo in
the wrong at tliis siile of the Atlantic.
* The Tribune declares that General Scott, lining absolute
master of the situation, is responsible for the battle.
But the New Yort Timet gives a statement of what took
place tj'fore the battle at the (Imural't talAe. which, therffirrel
in probably published with his sanction, as it is impossible to
.<"/ ;?..v a gentleman would print it without express permission,
from which it would certainly appear that the
veteran Commander was not, as 1 hinted, a freo agent in
the matter. Here is the statement:?
[Mr. IhiS'-oll here furnishes Raymond's Waishington letter
t > the New York rfaxt.oommancing with:?"Qeneral
Scott, it Is said, discussed the whole subject of this war,
in all its parts, an I with the utmest clearness and accuracy,
lie had a distinct and wrll.dclincd opinion on every i?iint
connected with it, and stated what his plan would he for
bringing it to a closo if the management of it hail been left
in his hands," he.?Fit. IlFKAin.l
CAN Tim UOVKHNMtNT >1KKT A UK At HON??11 FN Kit A I, MCLKLI.A.N
AT WORK.
It. remains to he seen if the plans of General Scott can
now he followed. The reaction along the Mississippi will
bo grunt. and Major General Fremont, with grout rospi it
for his courage and enterprise, is not tho muu, I fear, to
conduct large columns successfully.
Missouri is any thing hut safe.
Cairo is menaced, and my friends at Memphis scctn to
be stirring from their rest under their General.
1 regret ll at I cannot give any more interesting or important
intelligence, but I have not been able to go out
lor the last two dnys to the camps, as, In common w ith
many people in Washington, I w is suffering a little from
1 rod i ice tin? usunl results In garrisons and ill drained
cities. However, it is somo consolation that there is
nothing of consequence doing.
There was an alarm the night before last. Pome foolish
people got the loan of a steamer and u big gun, and went
down the river with them. When they were op|iosite one
of the enemy's batteries, some throe or four miles away,
they fired their big gun, and "Oh'd," no doubt,at the
shot as it plashed short in the water, tlio enemy treating
litem wilh a proper silent contempt all the while. Having
done litis, they returned in the evening and amused themselves
by tiring away as hard as they could just below
the Long Bridge?I believe without ball?and it may be
imagined there was sontu commotion, as the reports
shook doors and windows.
Geuoral McClollou Is doing his b"6t to get things into
order, and the outskirts of tho city and the streets are
quieter at night; but there is rough work with Zouaves
mid others lu Alexandria?houses burnt, jteople shot, and
suchlike sports of certain sons of -'citizen soldiery."
Th'-y vill nm.n be. shouting "Money or blnwt," if not kept in
order ami paid. These men form a marked exception to
the general behavior of many regiments.
An Rdltorlal Defence of Mr. Russell.
THE IMPRESSMENT OP -BRITISH SUBJECTS IN NEW
ORLEANS.
[From the London Times, August 13.1
There are no |teople so thoroughly on their good bovnvlor
iteforc all tho world as the two unfortunate parties
in the fratricidal contest now raging in America. They
have to prove not ouly their sense of justice and their regard
for truth, uud also that they arc not needlessly sensitive
or too ready to fall Into a quarrel. There is a general
Itcrsuasion in this part of tho world?indeed, all over the
world, except between Niagara and tho Gulf of Mexico,
that lite present State Of aulrs there is the natural result
of a ileliant, offensive, and intolerable tone of talking and
actiug on all matters whatever. The American is rather
too apt to consider himself absolutely right, and is
pleased to think lie is so occasionally to the confusion
Of oihnrs. A high civilization holds it in thegreatest ol
social misfortunes that there should be n diflerciice at all.
An American does not regard this as so great a misfortune.
com pared with having to own himself a Utile mistaken,
or misinformed as to a trifle. With such people,
when a quarrel lias once arisen, there can be only one ap
|?-UI ? Ulilt Bin 1-111 m ill nil". V.IUIU hub 11..? u.-BUiiiru euuu
terrible pro]xirlit'i;8, and the issue of which no nmn car
venture to foretell. Iltit if there Is any hope of n compromise?if,
even in own time, we nrc ever to gee the
Northerner ami the Poutiiernor discussing their <li(l< ,-enccf
amleably in Congress it can only bo by the introduction of a
lent wmitire, Ujw fiomineerinff, IrM prucnkint/ tone than that on
which the American* have hitherto pritjrtl th'Vixelrte.
Mr. Ktissell hn.s been for gome time in the United
Plates discharging for tho British public, not to gay for
the whole world, the samo t 'vices that ho did so well
before in the Crimea and in India, lie has everywhere
had to perform his laborious duties under uilllculties in
eoncoiviihlc to most ofliis readers, and little shared bj
writers eompiling narratives at a library tattle, or takin'j;
down tho words of gome customary informant. Ho lint
had to write in haste, in exhaustion, in lit Uo, in danger
tn the very turmoil of war, with disputation and ever
menace still in liis ears. He has been occasionally con
Uadicted, gcnerrlly confessed to 1?- right, nnd seme
tnos ho frankly .aid e.atrt - -ouslv avowed himsel
to ho mistaken or misinformed. His letters are nov
before the world in the form of volumes, and, hnv
lug passed through the ordeal <f criticism, tin
part of the literatnre of his country. Nowher
has his lihettj of speech been so f-jrio -'y arraigned, ant
bis vocation so denounced, as in the United Siatis. j
corres|iondenoo in another column will show how litth
support, truthful, exact and candid as he is, ho Is likol;
to receive there, even front those who might he suppose!
above tbe matlness of a mob.
He bad stated tliat at New Orleans British subjects ha
been foroibly impressed into the ranks of so called volui
eers. Oe their resiataaoe he said that tbey had bee
^ nocked da|M and drafted off, and only released after et
DVKSDAY, AUGUST 28, 18
i?- representations by th" Rritish Consul to the autlioritii-?.
When we Hint it admitted liy Colonol Manning,
Aid-de Camp to the Governor of the Stain of louislana,
that there <lo exist nt N w Orleans volunteer corpa called
111 Carroll Guards. wlin It lie admits to be without any
rocogmzod military inuuDi'/.ution, to be so far beyond
tho control of the authorities, and for whom, therefore,
he wisely declines to be responsible, our readers will
easily understand how liritish subjects, In couimon with
other people at New Orleans, would be liable to ureal outrase,
notwithslainliuu earnest wishes to the contrary on
tin- part of the authorities. Those authorities wish two
tliiiius not easily compatible. As politicians they wish to
enjoy the bencllt of a strong popular feeling and u la rue
force of volunteers. As the conservators or public order,
they wish no iitati to l>e forced, and liritish subjects, at
all events, to he left alone. Mr. Kussell frankly admits
\hut they acted on tho latter feel nu as soon as the opporteuity
occurred, and that he erred in charging them with a
degree of evasion before they released the liritish subjects
wuo nun appeaieu 10 ioo <<? sinar uiu. Tlicy Had been roll-used,
itaq p u s, with iin In tin delay us was necessary to
receive thn statement or their caw. Thus fur tbostory is
very Intelligible. The Carroll Guard* go abooi the workshops
ami w harvi'H of Now Orleans compelling this man
or that to join their ranks. They meet with occasional
resistance mill excuse, particularly lint of being subjects
of the Ornish crown. They ilou't eare nunh for this,
perltupe because they don't believe it, iicrhaps becaiiM
they have heard the American theory that every person
who lauds in America w ith the intention of residing there
acquire* the rights and the duties of an American citisen.
The Consul is asked to appeal in their fayor, and tliu
Governor, on beuriug their statement and tliat of their
captors, lets tin-in go, but uot till they have suflored
sonic detention and outrage. When tins is
undisputed, when it must be admitted that it
was mutter lor record, and when the Governor
oi Isiuisinua cannot Ihiuk himself ill-used, we do not see
why he should sei/.e on the admission thai no evasion had
heeu practised to invite general d is belief in Mr. Kussell'a
statements. In every gissl imclely in tins country, when
a man frankly confesses that subsequent information
leads him to withdraw or qualify a word, the conclusion
is that h" sacrifices everything to truth. In the deportment
of the Governor of I. misiuna the conclusion is that
lie may be sufeiy put out of the question altogether.
This is a mailt r that should tie known,for il helps to
illustrate the state of tilings in the United ir-'tah s; and
tin- government of Iiouislana lias uot mended matters, or
served its cause, hy attempting to discredit the informant
who lias told the simple truth.
British Interest In the Wnr.
THE UKNKKAI. OPINION OK AMKltlCAN DEMOCRACY.
[from the London Times, August 14.1
Never was there a war in which the people of this
country t<s>k a greater interest. We watch w ith the utmost
solicitude all lis- proceedings of thn belligerents,
and observe not only the operations of their armies, Imt
iln; manlfcstat.on of |*>;>ular fooling, with sentiments
which no other struggle could excite. Wo cun suy
moro. Though it is impossible to avoid reflecting thai lite
'MifitR ii/'iAl Union into tiro ureiit *s/atee fji'1 V reliere uafrum
many yl tin t rootle* with vhirh inn vrre vnnucni by the over
Uorino i>oUey of the oht/eih ral yorrrnioent, vu can safely assert
that PJigllshnu u desire nothing moro than to see the
gimrrol ti'rminatcil and the strife appeased. We wish
bo harm to either party, ana wuuid far railier
sua America strong, nnitod and prosperous
than tperuo'le on the a vnntuyr* irhivh it* jonmi.
hire ihiot&irm toiylit ptwoVy briny to it* neiyhlior*.
li.it when wo have said this wo have said ail that the
Americana are likely to hear with much satisfaction.
For the rest, our conclusions arc certainly not favorable
to those Institutions under which this grout catastrophe
has been matured. What the Americans call freedom,
but what wo call democracy, does not show to advantage
at this critical time. The theories cttrihulirip immeasura
ir/nMiutim jurmn t'l pmnKm nuiv-uu
'" n folrijh d in Hi / iainert and nui.it striking manner, and
iliu Inst six inniHli huve proved beyond ail question Unit
the preponderance of |*>piikir will without check or limit
is at least as likely to hurry a nation into war and debt as
the caprice of Hie most absolute di spot or the intrigues
ol' the most Hellish of aristocracies.
Wo are not finding fault with the Northern States for
going to war. Wo have repeatedly admitted that the
federal party could not be expected to view thu dismemberment
of the Union without un eflbrt to avert the loss.
Iiut, though civil war is the most frightful of all wais,the
Americans plunged into it witli less concern than would
have been shown by any European State in adopting a
diuiouiaticquarrel. Though the |ieuple of the 8011th wore
of the same tiesh and blood with the people of the North,
and connected with them tiy a thousand links of interest
and feeling, the Northerners instantly heaped . -. y conceiviitde
opprobrium on the heads of the Southerners.
lf lhe-reader will refer to any speech of any Manchester
orator lie will find the government of the United states
extravagantly euloyized for the very tjualities of which it is
noio pruned tn be. utterly institute, and the Americans exalted
beyond all other people 011 account of gil ts which it is
plain ttoev never possessed. H i- this, if tho Americans
w ish to know the truth, which poiuts the remarks of Englishmen
on their civil war and its incidents:?It is not
that they are any worse, or moro foolish, or moro intem)u
rate than was to he expected under the trials to which
tliey havo hern exposed, hut that they have been held up
to our admiration by.a certain party among us as a people
in whoso counsels no intemperanco or h lly would ever bo
likely to prevail. When we see that unlimited democracy
oonveys not the slightest security against the worst of
wars and the most reckless extravagance, we may apply
the moral at home, on<i ci/ngratulate ourselves that the old
British constitution has not been precipitately remodelled
after a Manchester design.
The Financial Aspects of the War*
MKRCANTII.fi SECESSION SYMPATHISERS IN NEW YORK?
DISCOURAGING FINANCIAL REPORTS TO TIIE LONDON
TIMES.
[From the Ixmdon Times (citr artl< io), August 13.)
The mercantile loiters from Now York by the present
packet drecribe grrmt tlfMpondencu, oirintf to the impre ettion pro'hi*!1!
t>y th i* bad iiiriiiiigrwriit atui int ,'Vt. ... 7/ nhtnt ri a! It'I It run.
Profdr it in KtiiJ, itr** toning ryit\ji*1rii*'e in th*- gorrrnmrnt, ami
another detent would bring a large number over to the
imlicy ol' allowing accession to luko plan peaceably.
Some persons how express a belief tlmt ihu North will
have to acknowledge the South before the end of the year,
but the real tendency of events seams to bo more and
more in the direction of the state of allairs that will reuder
b'dh pnrtles glad of a compromise. The federal
troops are stated to have evacuated both Harper's Kerry
and Hampton, and much anxiety was evidently
felt as to the safely of Washington. The opinion
was, however, that it would be a great mistake on
the iwrt of the Confederates to attack that city. If
defeated, they would lose all the prestige gained
at Hull run; and, i.' successful, they would again unite
the North against th in as one man; while, if they abstain
from needlessly arousing animosity and remain on the
defensive, llir Xotih. 1' in atntr'.rd, ml! soon diride. into two
jartiet,*u event which would greatly interfere, not only
with enlistment, but \v ith the raisin;: of money.
The expenses of th federal government are enormous,
being estimated by a good authority at considerably more
than ?'J00.000 per diem. The six per cent Treasury notes
are already al four discount, and, as they have only
twelve months to r,:u. this is equal to the rate of ton per
cent interest. As they were being issued as fast us jhjssiblo
a further d proc iation set mod imminent. The
nbnudaace of money ut New York was much in their
favor, and it is 1 !oai*thut if, owing to tho scale of expenditure,
this abundant].' should not continue, a rate far
above ten per cent will speedily bo fouttd necessary.
77,.' 'ut*1 of tmil* in nil lUfiirtiiiriit. inn. moat hnrawiing owl
lomditfortori/, and heavy failures wore again taking pluue,
especially among the dry goods Jobbers.
W A It EXPENSES AND WAlt TAXES IN AMERICA.
[Krun the I/melon Times, August 14. J
Every Englishman knows, by tho exiierlcnce of bis
own country, whero the shoo would begin to pinch the
American belligerents. In that country, as elsewhere,
any number of men can Ik1 procured to light, after some
fashion, In any cause, good or bad, if they are only well
paid, well fed. well clothed, well housed, and moderately
well commanded, with some prospect. If not of booty, at
least of a whole skin. S> it becomes aquestionof money.
A confidence in money alone hs always proved false: but
money there must be, nud there is no country in which It
is more necessary than in the United States, whore wages
are high and work is abundaut. A war will oost there
almost as much as It did here, for if the work is nearer
home, and the area of the war somewhat less
i than the whole surface of this terraqueous globe,
i still, for that very reason, there is much interruption
of the ordinary pursuits of life. In the
, first place, all the bonds of debtor and creditor, whether
i puliHc or private, and a'H the relations of business in coti
ton and jother cultivation, are at an end. The State govI
ernments themselves set the example of repudiation by
refusing to cash bonds, or coupons, whleh ran be traced
i to the jKwseesion of the other ]>orty in the struggle,
i Searching interrogatories are put, ami must bo answered
on oath, before a State will pay interest which may (lnd
its way to hostile haads. Meanwhile commerce Is Interrupted
by blockades and privateers, and immense works
rommcnced in the depth of peace are stopped by tho
withdrawal of hands and resources, and not less'by a
general diminution of conlldence in the prospects of tho
country. At Washington, flnaneo observes tho old forms
of Union, and supposes a tax to bo levied on all tho
1 Statw. It is obliged, however, to comlcscead to fact,
and calculate on tho certainty that only half tire States
will respond to (ho call.
So the Congress of Washington is looking the difficulty,
' as thi'y suy there, "square in the face;" not so "square,1'
> lfmvnvnp iia thnv will rnn ri*v hnvfl to liink if Thorn
i appears to tic no diillculty in tho authorization or loans to
nny amount; indeed, at thin moment government has
large powers for ihu Issve of Treasury notes for tliree
years, anil has found tho market, we presnmo, unfavor1
nble for the exercise of its powers. Tho real question is
how to ilnd a proper basis for loans in an angnn nted and
well paid revenue. This involves taxatIon, and, unfortunately,
taxation appears to be a jKdnt on which the
Fnsteru aud Western States of the federal Union are
ahndet as much at variMtOO as both nre with tbe
i Southern confederacy. Tho Western States have a particular
objection to taxes; and when we read the war
1 budget which the Congress seems finally to have decided
1 on one feels that sueh an objection may be expressed not
only in good sentences on the lie sir of Congress, but also
' In a uot less formidable manner far West. Besides a dl1
reel tax of f'JO,000.000 apportioned among tho states, and
1 exinrled from only ball, the new budget propp? a tax
1 upon e,arriages, varying from one dollar to fifty; a tax
I upon watches, an excise duty on spirituous liquors of five
cents a gallon, and on fermented liquors of sixty ccnls a
I barrel; and a general tax u|ion Incomes, the rate of w hich,
, as well as tho incomes liable, is not yet decided.
Meanwhile the Morrill tariff is untouchetl exert* ly the imparl|
thin of additional duties. Ererp item in this budget suf/rprtsa
finaneinf irur, as difficult, i/ not so samjuinary, as the tear in the
I open field.
i But there is another question which presents itself to
, tho capita',st before even the solvency of a State, or
l the yield el' a tax. or the linal success of a cause; and that
is the number nod frequency of similar calls. If we lire
to Judge from the Immense figures en pa;>er paraded bv
1 1110 ,"Vimil ! laws. U1IS i: n v? ;o miiv liilov Willi
i nn> <>r oure?with tlie Kumjonn war. which cost ns from
lirst to Inst more than a thousand millions of money, or
e the Russian war. which cost tis a hundred millions in two
b years. Tf tho government of Washington is oblige ! to
1 oslc for n hundred million dollars to-day, when nn I h"w
t soon will it have to repeal that demand: and how many
b such demands will it have to make this year, and for how
y many years? Kvcry such demand will compcto in tlio
it market with the bonds of the last, and our old folks
can remember with wliat celerity a promise to pay
d SA a year became worth not so much as ?60. l'rui
dent people do not like buying stock at Its present
n price when they know that twenty or thirty
i- million! mors will soon be thrown on tho nvkst for what
6L
it will fetch. Nor Is this the only apprehension to damp
the courage of (he lender Already. while this war is
still iu its very cradle, the bankers of the seaboard State*
uro suggesting, in the lonn of Ireaaun bonds, a very
largo increase of (ho paper currency. How long would
this lie convertible? We may safely pioiiiet that if the
war lasts lis long as It now threatens to last, laitli sides
will bo driven to the same pitiable expedient of a depreciated
paper currency as the mother country was iu a
similar extremity. No doubt there are eulhusiasls in
Hie United Stales who will lend money and buy Treasury
bonds lor three or ten years, all the more freely because
tbey feel deeply the social and religious aspects of the
quarrel. There may, bo, for aught we know, it al/olttinnirli
anil philurt h rupi in thin country irho will buy Ar"
riVfjfi no!1 J m it ml/iii'/ mariit, ti/ul yrr/tr In yirr a goliti pr inn
fur thnn rather liuiii u hml on'.htfuurr Ihru cur* viorr for flit
creilit uf lie lijn ul mum Ihnn tin y flu Jnr the amount of their
own juriunc. no cannot iniuic, nowrvor, more arc go
muny Hiich people us largely to ull'oct the quotation
of American gocuritieg in our marlcut.
Lord Pnliiicrsfon'g Opinion of General
Mcflcllun'g Appointment.
[From the L ridon l'o.-', (Government organ,) Aug. 13 ]
The appointment of General M'Clellan to the command
of th" Inderal uriny Is u circumstance which not unnaturally
hue exalted considerable discussion iu the Ni'W York
papers, lly one ho is degcrih d as a military dictator,
who is to act entirely froo from the control of General
Scott and the War Department; and by another a loud
complaint is raised because the gallant general,
in compliance with the intrigues of certain sellish
politicians ut Washington, is to be hampered In the selection
of the general ami regimental oUleers who arc to
serve under his command. Hut all the accounts agree in
one particular, that General Mct'lellon, having accepted
the responsible p. st of Oommandcr-iu (Jhiof, is examining
everything with his own eves, anil Is endruvorit g to en
force that stern ami rigorous discipline, v. itl.out w hich, ns
the disaster at Hull run shows, a great army may Hi>CcJily
beer me a disorganized and panic stricken rabble.
* *
Rut when the New York (tapers talk of n military
dictatorship, we hardly know what they mean. Civil
war necessarily implies the sus|uhsion of ordinary
law, and the subhlilution of the rule of tile sword.
In Ciik nil II.i> ml...,,.!.. ..I* II... \l...il. ..............a
it matters little whether this extreme power is wieliled by
the l'r<s ili-tit lit Washington or hy the general at the
head ol the army in the Hold. Mr. Lincoln, it is admitted,
hus travelled fur beyond the principles of the constitntii
n. He has proclaimed martial law. he has suspended
the habeas corpus net, und he hus deposed and imprisioned
the niuuiciiuil authorities ut liultiinore.
ItV <Ui not .oiy that these meiuurrs art nut perfectly
juslijiahle. The indomuity nets of Congress prove
them to be so. Mr. Lincoln ran delegate to tho
chief of tho army any |iower w hich tho head of the
executive government Is permitted to exercise; and for
the piir|sisi s of the campaign it matters little, we ropeut,
whether Vr Lincoln or General Mct 'lnllan exercise powers
which are beyond the strict letter of the constitution.
It still appears to be doubtful whether the Confederate
troops, Hushed with sucress, intend to attack
Washington. As their object will ho accomplished
by elearing the aesesaionlst States of
fedoriil troo)?, sound policy would seem to dictate that
tho enemy should bo quietly left to impiovo their organization
in the comparative security of Arlington Heights.
Actual warfare In the United States hus now hreu wage 1
for several months. Krery advantage, with tho exception
of General KoOWhss successes la Western Virginia,
has been on the side of the South. What
has tho North gained in exchange? A disgraceful
defeat, an amount of taxation which is unparalleled
in the history of Kuropean nat ions, t he utter subversion
of constitutional liberty, and, by means of prohibitory
tariffs, the alienation of tho sympathies of their best
customers and friends. It appears, further, that slavery
is not the cause of this lamentable contest. It mitts from
cimmirrial jialmry, and thus ur see. thai in America Ifir
great battle of free trade as opposed to protection is fought
out, not by hustings and jilatfurm speeches, Out Oy the ultima
i alio rt'jum.
The Blockade.
ADMIRAL MILNE HAS NOT REPORTED IT AS INEFPIctknt?England's
inikkests and duty as a
NEUTRAL TOM KR.
[From ttie London post (government organ). August 14.]
Wo behove that we are only stating a simple truth
mlieu we say that every dispute which has existed lie
tween this country and the United .states, during the
present century, has arisen from tho susceptibilities of
the American |>oopln with respect to some supposed invasion
nt' their national dignity and rights. The war of
lSi'2 was occasioned by the right of search?a question
which the treaty of Cher.t and the Ashburton capitulate
11 alike left unadjusted. Tho affair of tho Caroline.
JTLuod's trial, the Ma.ne boundary and Uregon disputes,
and tho recent Puu Juan difficulty (now happily forgotton),
are all exainples of the boastfulai d offensive S|iirit
in which successive I'resiib nts have endeavored to assert
the nationul dignity and rights of the once great American
|ieopl?.
In the civil war which at present afflicts tho United
States the Cabinet at Washington hat artctl in strict conformity
Il lias adhered to the declaration of neutral rights annexed
to the Treaty of 1'arlR, it ha* ohatiehe.l the odiau* pruetirr
ot private rina.nnd. In imitation of the policy of European
nations, it lias practically conceded bc'.iigercnts rights to
the enemy. It has not treatod captured secessionists as
traitors, but liis extended to them the usual rourteriet of
war. The Southern authorities, oil the other hand, have
commissioned letters of marque, and these sea rovers, If
the account be true,have proved in a very satisfactory manner
that the federal blockade, extending over a coast of
more than two thousand miles, s only valid on paper
An American correspondent, writing from I'ensacola the
other day, not only stated, hut professed to give, the text
of a letter in which Admiral Milno, the commander of tho
liritish squadron, had oltlcially not died to tho Admiralty
that the blockade of the Southern |x,Tts was altogether
ineffectual. On a former occasion we expressed a doubt
whether so discroot and experienced an oihoor as Artmiial
Milne could liar* committed an art to obvimtly be>j<nd the
pale nf hit duty. The authoritative contradiction which hat
k-rn gi*en lo thit clever American fabrication teat scarcely
nei-fjuary, because everybody knows, as a matter of fact,
that the- federal government does not possess at present
a naval force sulflcient to close all the Southern jmrts
from Virginia to Texas. All thut it can In pe lo do is to
blockade the most important points, such as the mouths of
the Mississippi, and the great seats of tho cotton export
trade. We are, however, now Informed that by means
of gunboats, anil other vessels of littio draught, an attempt
is to bo made to enforce the entire line of blockade.
If the federal government can accomplish this object,
neutral nations will have no cause of complaint. because
the blockade would then be ctlbctual. if. on tho other
hand, the attempt should fail, merchant vessels would
nracticallv Rhnre in the immunity which the Southern
privateers appear at present to eujoy. Of course it in extremely
annoying to neutral commerce lo be warned off
itio coast ami compelled to rcturu homo, or lo 3ail to Now
York or Canada, whore I he freight may be at a discount,
and a return rui go cannot bo obtained without a groat
saenllce of time and money. But these. are necessary erils
whuh sprint) from a state'J war; hard, we admit, to he
endured by innocent parties; but so long as the action of
the federal government is in conformity with public law,
no one has a right to complain. WTifit the American
courts condemn foreign vends for t he I,reach of a mere
fxijier Unlade, the inlerxcntinn of tliylomacy will tlu:n he
requisite, but at present no case "hits o< cuiTed either lo
meril or command the interf'>reuco of neutral T'owe. s. If
Admiral Miino had made the report which has been attributed
to hint, the federal governne tit would have a
just right of complaint, because questions of the
validity of blockades are not within the jurisdiction
of nn admiral eommnndlug a squadron in the neighboring
sons, but belong lo those greet tours which, either in
belligerent or neutral countries, administer the law if nations.
Knowing and fully appreciating the feelings with
which the people of America regard every expression of
foreign opinion, wo are. upon the whole, glad that this
idle story has received net only timely but otlicial contradiction.
If Admiral Milne had volunteered the statement
which has been attributed to him, llio Northern people,
who are not likely to he much pleased with English
criticism and comments upon the recent battlo of Bull
run, would say that England preferred the pursuit of
cotton to the obligations of honesty and fair play. As
Ix?rd l'almerston at the commencement of the contest
stated, every question of neutral rights must ho decided
when a fitting case arises. This contingency has not yet
arrived; anil if tlio federal government ran succeed iu
efficiently maintaining so enormous a blockade, it will in
ail probability never occur. II is the duty of this country,
In the forms of her Majesty'3 declaration, to observe
strict and imimrtial neutrality. For simply doing this
England has been abused and villifled by the Northern
press, and (amadu was to be annexed lo compensate for
the loss of the South. Wo ran afford to despise all this
ludicrous and impotent malice, but an happily wo have
hitherto escaped all difflenltirs nhnut American native
dignity and rights, let us leave ti e two contending parties
lo fight their battle as best they may, without the
slightest interference or even advice on our part. If the
blockade he ineffectual, neutral commerce trill comparatively
mffer little injury; if effectual, flic fird prinrhletof pullic
law tell tu that we tain' obey with a good grace. however disagreeablc
the restriction maybe for one great staple of
British industry and British wealth.
The Anstro-KngUsh Alliance.
IMTORTANT SPEECHES OP THE ARCHDUKE MAXIMILIAN,
Mlt. ROEBUCK AND THE AUSTRIAN MINISTER.
The promised visit of tlio Archiluke Maximilian,of
Auslrln.'to the docks at Southampton, took, plane on the
15th inst.
The Corporation presented him with an address.
In reply, ho said?My country is now constitutional,
liko your own, and is full of aptitude fer freedom. and in
many respects resembles England more ilian any other
land. I live in (ho conviction Hint each day will see
stronger sympathies spring up between (Ireat Britaiu and
Austria, and that, therefore, the two etnpires will ic jey
li'irally and ci.mmercial! y drawn towards each other.
At tlio diji-unrr Mr. Itocbuck s|H>ke at considerable
length eulogising tlio attempt of tho
Emperor of Austria to Introduce constitutional government
into his dominions, and denouncing the prejudices
and ignorance bo bad met with in carrying out his design.
Mr. Kocbuck said the Emperor would he opposed
by faction and demagogues: would tho people of England
support him in nil tlieso difficulties ?
The Austrian Embassador spoke and expressed his belief
that Austria would I e more eloS'iy mtnUltled upon the
institutions of Kngiand than any other Continental State
could be.
Cotton Does Not Rule (lie Inclinations of
Englishmen.
[From the Enndon Herald (l)orby organ), August 12.]
11 is nuite true that many ntiIIions of people in England
earn their broad by cotton; and that cotton wo must have.
But it is equally true aiul apparent that the Southern
Slates of Am1 ilea are not tlio only Holds from which rotton
can bo got, and that since the employment of several
millions of pooplo involves the investment in tho
rotton spinning trade of a great many millions of capital,
that capital will not allow itself to jiertsh, and
will find rot ton elsewhere if America raises to furnish
it. If tbe bikers in London warn to strifes and shut
up, we do not imagine that thoie ore i/wrton would ha
lot g without bread. Nor need the Southern States imagine
that they hold the Keys cf all tho cotton reserves in tho
world. Vjigll-hmen would desire of all things that this
really fruitless war should cease, and that cotton should
still come to them from their kiismen. Hut Kngl ahmcn
repudiate, <m the other hand, baring fattened ujxm them a
pro slavery interest and a pro slavery symfalky, by the enunciafitn
of the unfounded notion, that if they cannot get toton
through slavery they mmt go wiltotd.
Supply of Cotton In M??rp?ol-Ilow Long
It IMuy Keep the Mill* tiulng.
[From the Loudon News, August 12 J
*he computed stuck hi cottou at Liverpool on list Friday
evening wus USfr.070 bale*, agumst 1,203.'120 at tha
sainu |KTlod of laat yuar, when tbojpiaiitny wo* unusually
large. A* regards the American qualities
ike stoitc is equal to about twenty weeks' ooiuumption at !'.
rait lately wi/neued; at this time last year it uu> afUal
to tuvnly eiyht wert-i' annum/1 ton. Tliere then remaitm
llio mi|-.riant difference, us determining llio market
price, that last year there was every prospect of tha
American supply coming forward its usual, whereas now
that supply is ordered to bo stopiied. Amu her point to ba
weighed is that the draught ii|sui our stock for ux|Hirtation
w ill probably lie larger this year than usual,lis continental,
and. iierhags, even American consumers will fall iqvui our
market. Tins renders it the more requeue that we should
diminish our own consumption. As Ihe home "trado"
have of late |>nssosaed themselves of u considerable sup
Wy try buying at Liverpool, it is computed that the stock
wliii'ti they huld u of about tbo some uuiuuut an last
year.
These are only a few of th" more p-omincnt consideratioiiH,
jrro anil con, which havo to be estimated in attempt
ing to arrive at conclusions respecting t!io probable
future course of tho cotton trade. Wo have adduced sufllciont
to convince tlie general reailor of tho serious, not te
say critical, character of the present condition of all'aira.
At the game time, although the progress of apprehension
is broadly indicated by tbo unprecedented extent of the
business done in I lie Liverpool cotton market during the
last six weeks, it would bo wrong to omit from the account
a number of points favoring the presumption that
we shall yet tide quietly over a considerable pel rati before
we arrive ut the much dreaded cotton scarcity, whiuh
si ems to be gradually creeping neurer uud nearer.
There remaius, then, only the anxious qncstlons, never
absent from the mind of the cotton speculator?Will any
portiuuol tho American supply come forward, uud If su,
what portion? Will llieblockade be mtiintainnl in a teay
U secure ill continued rec< tjnitiun by England, Francs ana
other Stales? Assuming that this jxiinl is rent red in Ike of
Jt rotative, what quantity cf coll on will run the paunlM <y
the blockading squadron? Given, n scnrclty of the article
ad a high price at Liverpool ?ed Manchester, at liuvre
and Mulhouso. together with an abundant supply in the
Confederate Slates, and what will b? the result? Tlu-ee
are a class of questions the solution of which rests with
the future
The British Fleet for North America.
[From the lioudori Times, August 12 )
The screw steam frigate lmmortalitie, 61, Capt. George
Hancock, left Plymouth Sound on Saturday tuoruing for
North America.
English Artillery from India for Canada*
(From ttui i/tndnu Times, August 12.]
Throe batteries of Royal Artillery liavo been ordered
from India to tCanada. The force will proceed overland
upwards of 1,000 miles. Two hundred horses for the
Royal Artillery are oil passage for Canudu.
Krwi from the Coast of Africa.
TI1K SbAVK TK4DK KXCKBD1NU L.Y ACTl VIC.
The royal mail steamship Kthiope, ( antuin French, has
arrived at Liverpool with a mouth's lator advices from
the West Coast of Africa, and 2,500 ounces of gold dust.
Her Brittanic Ma.iesty'g ship l'rnmethous, Commander
Beding field, senior oillcer of the south division, ariivcd at
Fernando I'o on the 27111 of June, from the seuth, having
been relieved by the Alecto, Commander Raby. she reported
the South coast \ery uuheallhy. Several F.uropeans
had died on the Cougo, at Fish Bay, and other
places.
Tlie sluve trade is still very brisk, and in consequents
legal trade dull; it was anticipated that some of the factories
would havo to close.
Captain Bedingflcld had been in nrtlve cooperat inn with
the American squadron, and hud taken two vessels lined
for slaves In the Congo river; als < a Spanish schooner, ths
Jacinto. The Wrangler, R. N*., liad tuken an American
bark, supposed to bo the Ardennes, with 4!)5 slaves on
hoard. The notorious slaver Storm King hud coine into
?i V.I ..liviv. n mil a IVS-" ipwuci IV.I1U i..vK ,iu i |?pers).
but hearing there wore slaves to b' had, pitched
her cargo overboard, shipped a large number oi' slaves,
anil got away clear.
The steamer General Mlramon (formerly the Greenock)
had shipped a cargo at Kusindu in Tour Lous, using Ame*
ricuu. Portuguese and Spanish colors to suit the cruiser*
she happened to meet. Everything is done under the
American (lag until the slaves are actually on hoard, ao
that two or three English cruisers have very little chanc*
to lake prizes or check the trade.
OUR ARMY CORRESPONDENCE.
Ukaoqi artkrs Thirty -seventh Hkoimk.vt,.#
Arlincton Btom, August '23,1601. J
Graiul ragtanl on Arlington Heights?A Day at the Sea
of ITar?March of Out Thirty seventh Regiment from
Alexandria to Arlington?Hospitable Ecccpticn by tts
Michigan Second, <tc., <fir.
McCnnn's brigade has bcon distributed among other
brigades recently, and the Thirty-seventh regiment,
which Colonel MrCunn commands, is for the present attached
to General Richardson's command. Yesterday,*
little before noon, tlio Thirty-seventh regimonl received
orders to move from their encampment outside of Alexandria
and march to Fort Albany, on Arlington Height*.
The march commenced within four hours afterwards.
Tlio distance was some ten tniles.over hilly roads, crossed
by rivulets in several places, and muddy everywhere,
owing io me rcceui rums, i uo evening was sunry ; uui(
notwithstanding, not only waa every man In lbs corps
ready to turn out, but not a single man foil out of lb*
ranks from fatigue till we readied our present camping
Urnunrt. One of tho streams which we wero obliged to
cross was some two feet in depth, anil the scenes at crossing
it wore very ludicrous in some instances. An attempt
was made to pass over dry shod by taking down part o'
tho neighboring fences and fastening planks to form n
bridge; but, though some time was spent in this way, the
bridge was a failure, and the majority had to dash
through the water. This was done amid roars at
laughter, as the men sploshed each other, or
''nocked one another down in the water. Til#
bridge gave way, precipitating Ave or six mot
broadside into tho stream at one time. At Inst we
readied our destination, and thoro the scene was grand.
All the regiments in tho vicinity were drawn up to cheer
us as we passed along them, and the Michigan Second
was drawn up to receive us. (hmeral Richardson invited
Colonel McCnnn and his officers to 1-ave suppor with
liim?an invitation which was accepted without hesitation.
As the night gave signs of rain Colonel McCuna
labored without delay, and successfully, to have the men
of his regiment under cover. After arriving at Arlington
the scene presented to my v i< w is the grandest I over
boheld.ntid for that rea-en I will give some idea of what
it was. The Thirty-seventh was drawn up in line near
headquarters of (Jenerol Richardson. The headare
m a fine octagonal house, with a cupola,
Hiding a splendid prospect, surmounting it. On
I his waved the regimental flag of the Thirty seventh: underneath
were tho guns of many fortifications, the tents
of many brigades, mid the soldiers of many gallant reglCui'ilmi*
ntvni*ctinriA tlio en! t lirii'lil waters of
the I'otomac, and beyond thorn tho capital, which it is nur
prido and privilege to defend. As soon as tho lisg wai
rnlsed over the headquarters and unfolded to the hreene,
tho regimental band struck up tho "Star Spangled liannrr"
and many other patriotic airs. It was grand to see
tho regiment as it wound its wuy through the woods,
with Its music playing and banners flying,.as it wns cheered
and bidden farewell by the huzzas of other regiments
and the roar of artillery during lis march; but all wan
culminated, all was exceeded iu the mngiiillreuce and
brilliancy of the pageant on the summit of the Heights of
Arlington, when the scene 1 havo described occurred, in
view of Ilia capital?the city bearing the name of tlia
greaf military chieftain who founded the republic which
the troops then in view are assembled to preserve. Tbia
morning ail goes well. The touts of tho reglmont aro beiug
pitched, the rain is over, the sun sliinoa
brightly, and the men are refreshed and merry. Many
of the regiments at Alexandria, as well as ours, hara
been recently removed to the vicinity of Arlington
Heights, which you may be assured arc now impregnable
Law Intelligence.
IN ClIAMBEIta.
Before Judge Sutherland.
The Truth** of the Columbia College, li'eu York, w at.
ward C. Delavan.?Judgment for plaint Iff.
E. Pearson vs. George M. Munstm?Referred to Mr. B.
I.tppingwell to tako process on tbe question of the place
of rosidence of defendant, Jane Wilson, and to report tlx
same, with his opinion.
In the matter cf Louis Caloni.?Certiorari allowed.
In the case of James C. Willet, Sheriff, vs. theEqstUa
table Fire Insurance Company.?The amount heretofor
allow ed is reduced to an allowance of $50.
SPECIAL TERM?DECISIONS.
I.sGRAiiAM, J.?James Gould vs. Samuel F. Butter,
worth.?Judgment tor defendant.
Opinion.?This was an action commenced before the
code. The declaration was for moneys had and received
by defendant for the use of the plaintiff. The claim was
for moneys reclved by defendant on an order by
Stark on the I'ost Office Department, on account of eon.
tract made with Stark and the plaintiff after, as plaintiff
alleges. Stark had transferred to him the use and interest
of the contract.
Was it not material at this time to inquire whether
laaH dhopcrpH on thn clrfi?nil/int nn int?>nl
to defraud him, by obtaining the drmft, with the know,edge
of ttie plaintllf'H rights, lie might not recover. No Bucil
allegation is made, anil there is no evidence to warrant
such a conclusion. Ujton the facts, as proven, my conclnsions
arc:?
1. The assignment by Stark was only a part of the contract
as mado with the United States in October, 1837. If
so, the interest under the new contract w aa not transferrins.
2. The parties by their acts sanctioned the drafts by
each portion of his half of the proceeds undor that contract.
3. Subsequent notice of the name of the firm to the
plaintiff does not alter the rights of tbo parties.
4. The payment burg made to a c: editor for articles
originally furnished for carrying out a contract, without,
notice or a change in the rights of tho parties, will not
....i..??? action for money had and recovered by tho
plaint'ifl'" Tiu- plaintiff's remedy U against the partner ot
the United States.
6. No presumption of frnnd on the pert of the defendant
can he Indulged. The money was nut ; aid through any
frr.ud or concealment of the defendnitt, but after full
notice to the parties. The Claims of all were submitted
beforn the payment. If tho plaintiff's claim lo tho money
wm valid, then the United States paid the draft 011 their
own wrong, and tho plaintiff a claim remuins good against
them. Tho money paid under suehtcimmistancus wua
the money of tho United States?not tho money of the
plaintiff. If Improperly paid the United States should
sue Aw it?not toe pUUbIUl Judgment for Uu do"irtrnL

