THE SITUATION.
The special despatches from our correspond
ents with the cavalry forces of the Army of the
Potomac arc very interesting, inasmuch as they
give the full details of the recent-cavalry fight
with the rebels near to, at and beyond Culpepper
Court House. The Union forces were under the
chief command of General Pleasanton, with Gene
rals Buford, Kilpatrick and Gregg as division
commanders. The gallantry of our troops has
again been brought to the test with a grand re
sult. The rebels were under the command of Gen.
Stuart, and the rebel accounts of the light, which
we also publish to-day, acknowledge the losa of
the three pieces of artillery mentioned in the Union
accounts as having bcencaptured from them. The
rebels took refuge in the houses of Culpepper
during the contest, and fired from the windows
and street corners, necessitating the shelling of
the place to drive them ont, and thereby causing
the death of several non-combatants. On .Wed
nesday the rebels drove back part of our forces at
Raccoon ford; butGencral Kilpatrick, dismounting
a Michigan cavalry regiment, and being assisted
by artillery, speedily redrove the rebels back I
beyond the Ilnpidan, capturing seventeen prison
ers. The headquarters of the Union generals
were also shelled without serious effect. A gene
ral engagement is expected shortly. The rebel
guerillas are still operating successfully on the
outskirts of the various Union camp lines and
along the railroads.
It is reported at Washington that three di
visions of General l.ec's army have been ordered
to Dalton, Georgia, to reinforce Generals Joe
Johnston and flragg, with the intention of crush
ing out the armies of Rosecrans and Buraside.
The rebels are said to have asserted that they
can now throw a force of two hundred thousand
men against the Union forces, and appear per
fectly confident of their final success.
Contradictory stories have been received rela
live to our armies operating in ficorgin. The
Nashville papers have a report from Stevenson,
Alabama, that Tliomus' corps hod met with a re
verse near Lafayette, while the rebel despatches
from Atlanta, Ccorgia. state that f.en. Wheeler's
rebel forces had been defeated on Friday and
Saturday last near the same place. The stories
dr H,ties* relate to the same fight, in which our
troops, though victorious, lost about three hundred
men taken prisoners. Skirmishing is of daily oc
currence in this vicinity.
We have received files of the Rii hmond paper*
to the If.th inst., and the news selected therefrom
will tie found of special as well as general inter
est. Free speech nnd a free press is entirely pro
hibited in North Carolina. The rebek are still
hopefully looking forward to the recognition of
their independence by European nations, and as
sert that the Emperor of the French will not enter
into an F.uropean war lest it should interfere with
his designs "with respect to Mexico and the con
federacy."
The rebel news from Charleston is important, as
it show* that the citizens arc leaving that place
en mnsse, taking with them everything 'of valae.
One of the F.oglish Rlakeley guns, said to carry a
?hot of over Ave hundred pounds in weight, and
placed in position at Charleston, ha* been bursted
while in the act of firing. The rebels console
themselves with the idea that our "big gun"' haa
met a similar fate, and aesert that Beauregard
does not want any more monster cannon in his de
partment.
Ethiopia* vxwt.
The mail* of the Arabia, which reached this
city from Boston, yesterday evening, brought onr
European files, dated in Iiondon nnd Taris to the
5th instant. The papers contain some highly
Interesting details of our telegraphic repjort from
Halifai, published in the Hntu last Toaaday.
Thia compilation, which is given this morning,
with a letter from our special correspondent in
I>oodon. presents the American, the Mexican, the
fiertnaatie reform and the Russian questions in
their latest aspects.
A very spirited analysis of the new French pam
phlet, by M. Chevalier, on the Mexico-American
question, appears in the Rar.au) to day. M. Che
valier maintains that Franse should hasten to
recognise the rebel confederacy from Mexico, and
thus, by being the first to do so. gain the friendly
alliance and trade of the new nation. In this be
thinks the Emperor would have the support of all
the minor commercial nations of Europe at least.
Be recommends a large emigration of Frenchmen
Mexico, the elevation and susteinment of the
Latin race on the American continent, and the
firm establiabmeot of the new empire.
*to
deny the argument* in favor of the Monroe doctrine
in toto, while Lt Temp* supports the position of
the Duited State* and asserts that the Monroe
doctrine is only 'non-intervention localised" in
America.
Napoleon had summoned M. Barrot, his Minister
in Madrid, to Paris, in order to learn from him how
the Queen and Cabinet of Spain regarded the
aquation in Mexico. It was considered that "reli-,
pious bigotry and feara for Cuba" would cause
Queen Isabella to assent to his monarchical projects
in the republic.
The Mexican scheme was still atoutly opposed
by some of the Cabinet Ministers in France on the
ground that "a military occupation would drain
the treasury nearly.'' The Emperor still adhered
to his programme notwithstanding, and it was
thought in Paris that Forev would soon make a
grand coup d'etat in Mexico, according to orders
from the Tuileries.
MISCELLANEOUS HEWS.
At the meeting of the Chamber of Commerce
yesterday, a communication was received from
Commander T. A. Craven, of the navy, urging the
necessity of having our harbor put in a proper de
fensive condition. The paper was referred to the
Committee on Harbor Defence. Messrs. R. 8.
Taylor, E. E. Morgan and C. H. Marshall were
elected to serve as Pilot Commissioners for two
years from the 1st inst.
The Board.of Aldermen yesterday, upon recom
mendation of the Mayor, extended to the captain
and officers of the Russian frigate now in our
harbor the hospitalities of the city. A report di
recting that all railroad tracks, laid down without
permission of the Common Council, be taken up,
was adopted. The resolution authorizing the An
thracite Gas Company to lay down pipes in the
city was adopted, notwithstanding the veto of
the Mayor. An ordinance permitting junk dealers
to use bells on their carts was also adopted. Af
ter transacting some unimportant business the
Hoard adjourned until Monday next.
In the Board of Councilmen last evening. Mr.
Gross offered a preamble and resolution directing
the Street Commissioner to present a report of
the amount of damage done to the several parks
by the United States troops, for the pnrpo?e of
having proper steps taken to have such amount
repaid to the Corporation of New York by the
general government. After a short debate the
resolution was adopted- The Board concurred
with the Aldermen in the adoption of a resolution
tendering the hospitalities of the city to Captain
Houtakoff and officers, of the Russian man-of-war
Oslmba, now lying in this port. A resolution of
concurrence was adopted giving the junk dealers
permission to use bells or strings of bells on their
carts, as heretofore. A large number of papers
which had been previously acted on were Anally
disposed of, and the Board, after a protracted ses
sion of nearliTfour hours, adjourned until Monday
evening next at four o'clock.
In the Court of General Sessions yesterday, be
fore Hon. John H. McCunn, City Judge, William
Warren, a shoemaker, who bad pleaded guilty of
an attempt at burglary in the third degree, was
sentenced to the State Prison for two years. James
Stuart was allowed to put in a plea of guilty of
burglary in the third degree, and was sentenced to
the State Prison for four years. Several juvenile
offenders were sent to the House of Refuge. The
trial of Bridget Heffern, Indicted for arson, whieh
had been postponed since Friday last, was then
concluded. The jury, after an nbsenee of thirty
minutes, tendered a verdict of guilty of an attempt
at arson, and recommended the prisoner to the
merey of the Court. Bridget was remanded for
sentence, and the Court adjourned until this morn
ing at eleven o'clock.
Gen. Boyle has Issued an order authorizing the
impressment of slaves along the line of the l.ouis
villc and Nashville Railroad, for the purpose of
cutting wood for the use of the road. The com
pany are to pay for the service; but if the negroes
run away nothing is said about remunerating
their owners for the loss.
John H. McHenry. the copperhead candidate
for Congress in the Second district of Kentucky,
has given notice that he will contest George H.
Yeoman's right to the seat, on the ground that his
election was carried by fraud, intimidation,
threats, violence nnd the application of test oaths.
The vote was, for Yeatman, 8.311; McHenry,
3.OS". *
A letter from Gen. Burnside's army says there
arc no copperheads in Fast Tennessee. The pen- |
pic arc. heart and soul, on one side or the other.
The steamboats Imperial, Hiawatha, Jesse K.
Bi'll and Post Boy were destroyed by lire at St.
l,o 11 is on the 13th inst. Loss $'200,000.
It appears that Gen. Morgan, the king of the
rebel guerillas, and his thieving band, stole two
thousand and seventy-three horses in Indiana,
which have been disposed of as follows:?
Sold for >78.34.-.
Scut to Louisville ???'
Retained for the
Total
.'2.073
On the 12th inst. twelve steamboats were ad
vertised in St. Louis for the Lower Mississippi, six
were up at. Louisville for below, four at Cincin
nati, four at Memphis, and two at Evansville, Ind.
Tho business transacted on the Stock Exchange yester
<tav was limited in amount, and the course of prices ir
regular The market opened weak and lower, rallied at
midday, and Closed dull1 and weak agate. Cold was up
to 133 at ono time, and down to 132. and 132?K at the
? lo-e Exchange was 145'? a \\ Money was easy at six
per cent.
The demand for cotton was active, and prices were
buoyant yesterday. There was Increased animation In
the market for flour anu wheat. which were firmer Com
was less Inquired for, and was a shade lower. Oats were
tn lair demand and steady. Provisions wera In good re
quest meaa pork, prime lard aad choice Western butter
were a trifle dearer Sugars and tallow were active and
advancing. T<as. spices, tebecee, wool, Ash, hay bops,
linseed and spirtls tnrpootlne were saleable and tending
upward Whiskey was Arm, with a lair business roporl
od. l.losocd oil was again higher. The freight market
was less active and rates less buoyant.
Thk Rebmji ami th? Coming Electionb. We
notice that the rebel journals are congratulating
themselves upon some benefits they expect to
gain from the success of the conservatives In
the coming State elections. This is an ex
tremely mistaken idea. The rebels gained
nothing from the conservative victories lost
year, and tbey can gain nothing now or in fu
ture. On the contrary, they have Buffered their
bitterest and most decisive defeats during the
lime which hae elapsed since the Central States
gave their splendid conservative majorities.
So it will be this.year, which will doubtless see
the end of the rebellion.
At the outset of this campaign we felt certain
that the conservative democracy would carry
the State by at leaat flfty thousand majority.
But the factions course of Governor Seymour
and the Regency at Albany, and of Ben Wood
and his followers here, has caused us to enter
tain some doubts tn regard to this nesult. The
Tribun* and other radical papers kocp stirring
Ben Wood up and drawing him farther and
farther out of his depth every day. and all the
silly toolisb and nonsensical things he says are
eageily quoted by the radical journals as the
opinions of the democracy. If this nice little
.-?me be not stopped before long the people
will begin to believe that the AVtcs is really
(he democratic organ: and If this un
loundsd opinion once becomes prevalent the
democratic ticket has not a gboet of a chance
The people of this State are conservative, and
(bey will support only that party whieh they
jtypV WEi ft
The Greatest Military Despotism la the
Worl?.
The leading journals of England and France
take very different views of the state of affairs
in this country. The English papers regard us
as " the greatest military despotism in the
world," and show that they fear us accordingly,
by advising the Canadians to display a Uttle
spirit and prepare to defend themselves, as
England positively will not help them. The
French papers, on the contrary, do not express
any surprise at oar " military despotism," such
as it is, and make no comments upon it. This
difference is significant, and its causes are
easily perceptible.
The English have enjeyed a tolerable share
of liberty for several scores of years, and have ,
no practical experience of what a military des- t
potism really means. Before our civil war the
United States was the only nation which ri- <
vailed England in this, as in every other |
respect. Consequently the English journals, j
with that admirable taste and excellent feel
ing so characteristic of a tnie Briton, take
the earliest opportunity to exult over
what tbey are pleased to term our downfall.
The Conscription, ^Confiscation and Indemnity
acts, and the three thousand arbitrary arrests
made at the North, are the arguments employed
by the English to Bustain their statement that
we are "the greatest military despotism in the
world," and these acts are continually and in
sultingly flung in our faces with all the power
which the writers for the English press can
muster. If we are really suffering under such
an iron rule of cannons and bayonets, one
would snppose that the English would sympa
thize with us instead of reviling us. But Eng
lish sympathy, as we have abundantly proven,
goes hand in hand with English interests, and
these have inclined, thus far, to the cau9e of
the South. It is in fact very singular that,
while the London papers have so much to say
against the "military despotism" at the North,
they have absolutely no epithets left in their
vocabulary to appropriately stigmatize the
"military despotism" under which the South
now groans and dies. We can truly say that, if
we have established such a dreadfully tyranni
cal system, Jeflf. Davis first set us the
bad example, and that, if we have
committed such heartrending outrages, Jeff.
Davis has rather exceeded anything we have
hitherto done in that line of business. While
this does not, of course, extenuate our wicked
ness, if we have been guilty, it should at any
rate induce the English press to divide their
abuse more equally and impartially.
With the French the case assumes alto
gether another phase. They live under a mili
tary despotism themselves, and do not seem to
think it a very disagreeable and intolerable
sort of government. Or, if they secretly enter
tain any opinions opposed to a "military
despotism," they do not publish them in the
papers and waste words in abusing either their
own administration or that of this country.
Perhaps, too. they recognize, as we do. many
striking points of resemblance between Presi
sident Lincoln and the Emperor Napoleon.
The Emperor is "the nephew of his uncle,''' and
so is President Lincoln. Napoleon used to bo
very fond of practical jokes, as he demonstrated
at Strasbourg and Boulogne, when he attempted
to capture France with his uncle's uniform and
a trained eagle. Lincoln's love of the snmo
kind of fun is too well known to require
comment. Napoleon has a charming wife,
and President Lincoln is equally blessed.
Napoleon is a shrewd, sly, cunning
man, and President Lincoln ha* these
same characteristics. Napoleon is a mili
tary despot, and, if all that the English pa
pers assert be true, Lincoln is a military despot
also. The consideration of this similarity may
have superinduced the silence of the French
press upon the point in question; for sn attack
u|pn the ' military despotism" of Mr. Lincoln
would certainly be construed into an attack
upon the system of government adopted by
Louis Napoleon. Perhaps, also, the French,
who are much more observant and philosophi
cal than the English, clearly perceive a fact to
which the prejudiced British are obstinately
blind. Thnt fact is that our "military despot
ism." if we have any. is but a thing of the mo
ment. assumed for certain purposes, and easily
changed when those purposes are fulfilled. It
is true that the republic of Rome ended in a
military despotism, and that the republic of
France had a similar finale. But the Romans
and the French belong to the Latin race, while
we are Anglo-Saxon; and races alter circum
stances as greatly as circumstances al
ter cases. This country is now passing
through the same historical experiences as
England did during her civil wars. Wo
are hurrying through this period of our history
much faster, however. It took England about
a century to settle upon a stable form of gov
ernment, and about fifty years more to under
stand and organize the government which she
finally adopted. We started with the right j
government; the South has been trying to upset
it. and we are now re-establishing it. This task
will not take us a contury. We work with rail
roads, telegraphs, iron-clads. unparalleled
armies, and guns which throw shells five or six
miles. A few months more will end our labors,
and then our "military despotism" will be
quietly put aside, and we shall return to our old
habits under a new administration, and Brother
Jonathan will once more take precedence of
John Bull as the freest, happiest and strongest
individual in the family of nations.
Prize Monkt and Irs Dmtribction?Why Is It
Delayed? -The numerous complaints respect
ing the distribution of prize money due to the
officers and, seamen of our navy, and arising
from the capture and condemnation of veaaeln
engaged In running the blockade, are made
with good and sufficient cause. There are
some cases of vessels captured, and with their
cargoes condemned and sold, that have been
unsettled for two years past, and there is no
telling when they will be disposed of, or where
the trouble is that prevents a final settlement.
We see no reason for this delay. The course of
law is slow; but everything must have an end,
prize cases among the reat; and it appears
singular that blockade runners, captured two
years since, should not havs'been adjudicated
and finally disposed of ere this.
It would be well If a complete list of all
captures were published by the Navy Depart
ment. I#et it befall, comprising ever) thing from
the commencement of hostilities, and let it state
also, if the case is not settled, in whose hands
it is. and the reason for the delay. Something
of this kind would bo very useful and satisfy
those Interested, besides giving the public in
formation of the Immense amount of work per
formed by tho navy since the war began,
nfrslt
tared bj Admiral Farrugut a number of steam
en were also token. These wore appraised and
turned over to Gen. Butler, but have not yet been
paid lor. Ik-re 1.4 a very nice sum of money due
by the Wai Oep*i Iment to the Western Gulf
squadron that the officers and men cannot
obtain. We know where the delay is in this
case, and who hss the money, and desire some
information as to why it has not been paid over
and distributed There is no law with these
captures; it is all plain sailing. Consequently
there should be no delay whatever.
The case of the steamer Memphis is one that
furnishes sufficient proof of how much delay
there is in the final settlement of prize cases.
This vessel was captured in July, four
teen months siuce, by the United States steamer
Magnolia. She was out of Charleston, with a
full cargo. There was no appeal in the case.
She was at once taken by the government, and
has been for at least a year an active cruiser.
Iler cargo was stored. It consisted of eleven
hundred and ninety-eight bales of upland and
three hundred and^forty bales of Sea Island
cotton, together with five hundred barrels of
rosin, and was not sold until the 16th instant.
It has been appraised four times, a commission
being paid each time, and the probabilities are
that months will elapse before the proceeds of
this sale are ready for distribution. Wc should
like to know the reason for the delay in this,
one of the plainest, if not the plainest, cases
that have come before our courts since the
commencement of hostilities.
The President'* Habeas Corpus Procla
mation and the Aet of Congress on the
Subject.
For the information of our readers, we re
publish to-day the act of Congress under which
the President of the United States has issued
his proclamation suspending the writ of habeas
corpus, in certain cases, throughout the length
and breadth of the land.
In the first article of the federal constitution,
which relates to the powers granted and the
powers denied to Congress, it is ordained that
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
shall not be suspended, unless when, in cases of
rebellion or invasion, the public safety may re
quire it." We have a rebellion; and, in view
of the "public safety," Congress having au
thorized the President, in his discretion, to
suspend the writ, he has at length issued his
proclamation in pursuance of the law. He
has the law and the constitution on his side,
and yet among otir copperhead cotempocaries
1 there is a general outcry of "unconstitutionali
ty" raised against the law and its execution,
against Congress and the President. For example:
While OBe of onr copperhead journals of this
city declares the law unconstitutional, in this,
that Congress delegates its power to the execu
tive department of the government, another of
the organs of the fighting peace faction says:?
" We hope that Governor Seymour will make
null the President's proclamation, and relieve
the anxiety of the people by a counter pro
clamation." This has the odor of treason; but
why stop at this half way measure? Why not
as well call upon the Governor, in behalf of
peace, to inaugurate civil war and anarchy in
the streets of New York as to issue this " coun
ter proclamation?" In this way the silly cop
perheads. with their professions of devotion to
the constitution, excite only the disgust and
contempt of every man who is not a knave or
a fool.
The President is acting under the authority
of a law of Congress, which, according to the
constitution, is a part of '? the supreme law of
the land." " anything in the constitution or the
laws of any State to the contrary notwith
standing." Tf. then. Governor Seymour, under
the State constitution and laws of New York,
could And any authority for this aforesaid " coun
ter proclamation." and if ho were to issue it,
the thing would be as much a nullity as if issued
by Jeff. Davis. According to General Jackson,
and every other sensible and lo> d man. a law
of Congress must be obeyed until repealed or
suspended, or until declared void by the com
petent tribunal, the Supreme Court. The Pre
sident's suspension of the habeas corpus, in pur
suance of the law. can be reversed in no other
way. There is an end of all law if Tom, Dick
or Hanrv is to bo his own expounder of the
constitution.
The expediency of this suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus is another question.
The President, no doubt, has found this suspen
sion to be not only expedient, but necessary, to
raise, under the draft, the soldiers needed to
reinforce our armies in the field. The act of
Congress was passed in anticipation of this ne
cessity. It is but one of that schedule of ex
treme measures whereby the administration is
practically invested with the powers of an abso
lute despotism These measures were passed
upon the plea of "a vigorous prosecut ion of the
war." and as war measures; but had the war
been vigorously prosecuted in 18t;i and in
IPi>2 there would have been no necessity for
either the Conscription act or the suspension of
the habeas corpus in lffiS. The rebellion would
have been extinguished twelve months ago.
But the emancipation schemes, intrigues and
proceedings of the abolition faction in Con
gress. in the Cabin"t and in the country, ar
rested a 'vigorous prosecution of the war."
embarrassed the well considered plans and
combinations of our best generals, brought
defeats and disasters upon our finest armies,
and doubts and divisions among the people of
the loyal State*. Before the misfortunes thus
entailed upon General McClellan's army on
the Richmond peninsula, volunteer enlist
ments were so bounteous that they were sus
pended. The supply exceeded the demand.
Senator Wilson said we had soldiers ensugh;
and there were enough, had they been properly
managed by the War Department, to pnt down
the rebellion.
The corruptions, blunders and conflicting
counsels and purposes of the adminis
tration bsve resulted in this Conscrip
tion Isw and this suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus. They are both obnoxious
measures to the American people, and at the
proper time the administration and the party
which It represents will realize this fact. But,
as for this copperhead cry of the unconstitu
tionality of the President's proclamation in the
premises, it reminds us of a White Honse Inci
dent in reference to General Grant. After the
failure of his first experimental explorations
around Vicksburg. a committee of abolition
war managers waited upon the President and
demanded the General'* removal, on the false
charge that be was a whiskey drinker, and
little better than a common drunkard. " Ah I"
exclaimed Honest Old Abe, ' you surprise me,
gentlemen. But can you tell me where he gets
his whiskey"1'' "We cannot, Mr. Preslderft. But
Wkj^do |?tt dwtro U kaswT' 'jjetnu?j[ r
can only find out, I will send a barrel of this
wonderful whiskey to every general in the
army."
(?VaMc MS MhUsi
The latest advices from Europe go to show
the improbability of the acceptance by Prince
Maximilian of the Imperial throne of Mexico.
Shrev:d p ili'.iclans in Europe aver that this is a
result of the growing power of Austria, who
seems now about to obtain the lead in the Ger
manic confederation, Prussia having jeopard
ized that position by her recent course towards
Poland. Should Austria succeed in her ambi
tious desires, she would become a most for
midable and dangerous rival to France; and,
as she deems the chances promising, site with
draws from a too close alliance with Napoleon
the Third. The result of the non-acceptance of
Maximilian would of course leave it in the
power of Napoleon to name a French prince as
the occupant of the throne to be reared on this
continent; but here France would surely meet
with the opposition of both Spain and England,
which Powers could not brook such an exten
sion of the influence of the monarch whom
they already dread bo much.
It will sorely puzzle the Emperor of the
French If Prince Maximilian does refuse the
Mexican throue. Ho understands that he must
interest other Powers in the Mexican expedi
tion, as. in case of a struggle with this country,
he would need the support of some of his pow
erful neighbors; bnt the example of Anstria
would, we predict, prove contagions, and he
would And it a difficult matter to obtain a suita
ble candidate. Spain would offer one with
pleasure; but Napoleon will not allow her to
get a finger in that cake. The other Powers,
although seemingly anxious to urge the Empe
ror of the French onward in his Mexican scheme,
take good care to keep aloof from it. They
foresee the arrival of the moment when it will be
both dangerous and uncomfortable to be occupy
ing Mexico, in direct antagonism to this govern
ment. The French people have always been
averse to the course pursued by the Emperor
in the matter, and, spite of illuminations and
captured banners, they growl and grumble at
an expedition which has cost France so many
lives and so much treasure, and.which must bring
upon her a war with the American people.
The traditions of the French are all in our fa
vor, and Napoleon finds it a hard matter to
make them swallow the Mexican pill. Tie
promises to gild it; but as yet be has been
unable to accomplish this, and in its present
state it is unpalatable to his subjects, beeause
they appreciate its inimical tendency towards
this country.
Prince Napoleon, the Emperor's cousin, has
visited ua, and has obtained from actual obser
vation an idea of our resources. He dreads
any difficulty that may arise out of tho present
policy of the Emperor, and in the columns
of his journal?L'Opinion halionalt?the
Prince dwells forcibly upon the danger of
a conflict between the great American repub
lic and the French empire, and solemnly ad
vises Napoleon to withdraw from Mexico,
lie has a personal interest in this matter, as,
should it result in the ruin of the Napo
leonic dynasty, he. a prominent member of
the imperial family, would, most likely, share
its fate. The advice given by the Prince is no
doubt appreciated by the majority of the people
of France, and the Emperor would doubtless
like to follow the suggestions of bis cousin; but
the non-acceptance of Maximilian would render
such a course almost impossible, as France
will not. abandon Mexico without some chance
of saving her prestige. Could she place a
foreign princo on the new throne she might
in a very short time gracefully glide out of tho
affair; but if she is forced to appoint a French
prince to the new position she must remain on
this continent until driven from it by the troops
of the United States.
None can doubt that ere long the rebellion
will have been crushed. On all sides the suc
cesses of the loyal troops are increasing and the
position of the rebels becoming more and more
precarious. When we shall have conquered a
peace there will still be occupation for our
glorious legions. They will be precipitated
upon the invaders of this continent, whom they
will drive from it as surely as that our power
here is and must be infinitely greater than that
of European nations. Having driven the French
from Mexico, the temptation to capture and
hold Cuba and all the West India Islands will
be great?all the more as by so doing we
should be repaying the ill will and enmity of
Spain, who has on all occasions made a display
of her desire that the Union might perish. Nor
would we stop here; for in the North we would
have to drive away the English and annex
Canada, so that the good people of those pro
vinces might be happy and prosperous. It is
useless for us to dwell here upon the certain
and utter ruin which will overtake Napoleon
and his dynasty when we shall have driven him
ignominioutly from this continent. All the
world shall sec then that our prophecies are
well founded. We have over and over again
warned the Emperor ol the French that Mexico
will bo his Moscow. He should take our advice,
and leave this continent before he Is forced to
do so.
Tub Neckssitt or A?Tivr. Opkrations.?
"Word was brought to the Danish King?
Hurry!" Not a very royal despatch that; not
especially remarkable for elegance or delicacy.
But tlic case was urgent, and the word was the
very one that was wanted. It Is also the word
that is wanted now It is the word above all
words for this present time, and we wish that
every despatch sent to Washington for the next
month might begin and end with It. "Hurry,
hurry, hurry.' should be the burden of every
collocation of words that goee to the President's
ears. Spectres should whisper the same bur
den to the Aneient Mariner In his dreams, and
these words should be written on all the walls
that the other official Belshaazars raise tbelr
eyes to after dinner.
Every day of this golden September is worth
ten thousand men to the country, and every
day of October will be worth twice that. The
neglect of this fact, the loss of these precious
days, in ? criminal and cruel waste of the
country's wealth both in blood and treasure.
But here we are with more than half of Septem
ber gone, and we have hardly the indication of
active movements in the best of our armies. Our
latest advices from the Army of the Potomac
show it to bo a bare two honra' march from
where it was on the 1st of August. Yet the
present le the season eminently f3orable for
active movements In these nighu men sleep
well In camp, and arise full of vigor. In these
days they march well. too. and fight well. Now
the roads are good l.ast year, from this time
two moutliE Ume *1^
which they would have been impracticable tot
Artillery, aud we may apparently count upon ?
similar season this year. But the adssiaietra*
tien pursues its little schemes, and the Amy oI
the Potomac is left at rest. Rosecrans goes
forward in Georgia, and GiUmore is busy with
his batteries in Charleston harbor, and they are
left to do what is to be done.
Let the administration wake np from thie
lethargy into which it has fallen. Now is the
time when vigorous measures will be repaid
with great results. Let General Halleclc drop
at once the'management of General Rosecrans'
army and give his attention to the equipment
and drill of the conscripts. Send every availa
ble man to General Meade, and let him be ao
tive also. Strike now, while the Georgians in
Bragg's army and in the rebel army at CharflM
ton are as bad as the Tennesseeans were sic
months ago; while Gillmore's guns echn
through the whole confederacy, and while an
''anxiety" is felt even in Charleston as to
the whereabouts of the hero of Stone river.
Strike now everywhere, and we may have tbo
end of the war when we wish.
Tke Herald and Its Foreign Poller*
The readers of this .journal will recollect
with what an exact prescience of events we hi
the spring and summer of 1R61 denounced tbo
treacherous and unprincipled course upon
which England and France, but more partiou
larly England, were then preparing to enter
in our regard. They will also remember tbo
charge brought against us by the English
journals of our putting forth these warnings
solely with the view of stirring up the elements
of strife. Nor will it be forgotten that somo
of our own journals, either blind to the signs
of the times or interested in remaining so,
joined in this hue and cry against us. By one
of them, indeed, the defence of France wm
carried to such extremo partisanship as to sug
gest a very general suspicion that it was Che
paid organ of the Emperor, whose movements
in regard to Mexico it defended to the very
last.
What a misfortune it has been for the coun
try that our warnings passed unheeded. A
timely show of firmness would have saved us
from the dangerous complisations to which we
are now exposed, and spared us the losses inflict*
ed on our commorce by Angio-rebei privateers.
Had we boldly come to an issue with Eaglaad
on the Trent question, and refused to recede
from the position that we bad assumed, the pro*
babilities are that she would have been still
our very good friend, and that the South would
have derived but little assistance from her. Nor
would France, with the example that she would
have had before ber of our readiness to face any
odds in defence of our just rights and dignity,
have ventured on the mean and underhand
policy she bos since pursued towards us. So
true it is that weakness invites aggression, and
that a bold front will often supply tba place o!
actual strength.
We have never been able to understand the
reasoning whicb influenced the majority of our
contemporaries to counsel and the government
to decide upon the surrender of the rebel com*
missioners. It was a step that could be justi
fied neither by legal necessity nor pelicy. and
it was of most unfortunate influence; for it
tended to create the impression that we did net
feel sure of our ability to suppress the rebel
lion, and consequently to resist foreign en
croachments. The result, as we predicted at
the time, has been to establish a state of things
Infinitely worse for us than declared hostility
en the part of the two governments which ars
seekisg our destruction. Had war followed a
refusal to culver up the rebel commissioner*,
it could not have damaged us more than have
the countenance and underhand assistance
which England and France have given tbs
South. We have been, in fact, paying all tbs
cost of actual hostilities with the former with
out enjoying any of its advantages; for osu
nominal relations of amity with her have pre
vented us from retaliating on her commerce
the injuries she has inflicted on ours.
But. we repeat, there would have been
no question of war with her if oar
government had remained firm on the issue
raised by the Trent affair. It is the cha
racteristic of John Bull to bully only when he
thinks he can do so safely. A determined atti
tude upon that occasion would have saved us e
world of trouble. History will do us imlivldn
ally the justice of attesting that it was through
no lack of earnest remonstrance upon our part
that the country was not spared an act of hu
miliation which bas served to aggravate instead
of lessen our difficulties.
After more than two years' experience of the
policy o? endurance, what is now the sentiment
of the country in regard to the two Powers that
have taken such shameful advantage of us?
From the highest to the lowest, from Senator
Sumner down to the veriest copperheatE all
have come round to the opinion ot th?
Hkrai.d. And the strength of this feel
ing on the part of our people and
government is evidenced by the bit
ter resentment expressed against them by
all classes, and in the formidable naval and
defensive preparations which are being puahed
forward to meet a contingency no longer
deemed remote. In six weeks from this oar
harbors will be in a condition to resist the
largest vessels-of-war that England and France
can send to operate against them, and we shall
have ready for service by the same time a fleet
of monster iron-clads with which nothing thnt
bas yet been built can cope. Then cornea a
tarm to the policy otanduranc which has tried
the temper of the nation so severely, and whicb
has entailed sacrifices that might have been
avoided by n firmer and bolder course.
Tsr. Tunes and thk Niws ?That niggnrbead
organ, the Times, and that copperhead organ,
tbe Aw*. both have articles attaoklng the con
servative platform. Thia shows that they art
both in the same boat, and is tha highest praisn
the conservative platform could receive. If it
suits neither the copperheads nor the nigger
heads, it will be sure to nult tbe conservative
people of this 8tate.
Fiast nasMBos m Tan Sreimw I *ser(..? ,? Aaaaio*...
Senor i *on saga! Holla, tae dlsiwgnMit fyaatafc t ag*,
diaa whose arrlrst we notices list week, has aaaeisred
bis intention to bets'" to" course of clMSical readings from
tbe caetllian |*>*?* ea Mohday evening a**t. at Dog
smith * Ha". I" ?tot? city, lb" progrtmsi* i< ? tboeS
?nr?. w?" ??'i ewatotaian * I nervy with a arastoai
oaterUlomeul of lb- rho celt ktnt tb- diet eguldkeg
blind riollnlst, T. M^ tenhaner, sod bis precocious hey of
elgbl yesrsof aa?.'be aeiyiiapulied music*', dlr?otorcC
m Ann's cbnreb, Mr. RtonrgoQmxales nr. i W f vests.
If., muslrw' director of tbe new ttrnoktyn fark ttiity,
and other celebrities win aid the Ul?at*4 straimr Let
o* Ameeiosne?esiwciaiiv lime wbo are at dyta} ?W
rich end burn on 01M I "if *g' # CSM1 'idSgM *g( IbM
Hggtualt{toMaftMdd^Ijfta * "