THS WIBZ TBIAL.
? very little, nod thai very unimportant, waa done In the
pfira caae ymterday. The examination of Colonel For
0>m? for the defence was contlnned. He stated that the
Wwgulation establishing the dead line at Andentonvllle
tonw?n wait introduced into the prison rule* by Captain
Wirs The others were approved by Colonel Persona as
commander of the post. Nazareth Allen, a rebel soldier,
Cta also ?*?mine<l for the defence, but nothing important
trited The purpose of the counsel for the defence ap
Htears to be to place the responaiblllty foj the cruelties
practised on the heads of the Richmond authorities.
K1S0BLLAKE0UB.
South Carolina In its reconstruction efforts has taken up
It remarkable position The people of that 8talc, in contention
assembled, acknowledge that thoy have been
twice defoutod, once by political majorities and once by
the Hword, and therefore conclude that It is neither wise
nor politic for the South to continue the contest. Accordingly
they have resolved that the Union is the flint
?nd paramount consideration 01 me Ancncui prupir;
that all sovereignty resides solely in the American
people, and that the authorized repre
etiUUve of that sovereignty, within the limits
of the constitution, la the federal government.
They further < onclude that the late war was not one of
i] oppressed people against tyranny hut arose simply
from an apprehenelon on the part of the weaker section
of poselhly tyranny In tho future. The war, therefore.
Hot having beuu strictly In the nature of a rebellion,
they suggest to President Johnson the Justice and wis
dom of not enforcing the penalties affixed to the crime
f rebellion by the laws of the United State*. As an
earnest of their good faith they endorse the acts of
President Johnson, and express their determination cordially
to support hi* wiM and patriotic efforts to restore
4h? whole country to the bleasings of peace. The projxMftd
new constitution of South Carolina la framed In
accordance with these principles; civil and religious
liberty, trial by Jury, tho freedom of the press, and the
flPllluruilMtiuii '?l mr UJIIimi j iv iuc VIT|I jrwwi v
pecurcd to the people of tha Bute, ind slavery la dadared
forever abolished.
I The Alabama Convention haa provided by ordinance
for Ibe SUM elections on tba first Monday in November
ffeit
It la stated that the President has derided to relieve
'Kentucky of martial law, and his procUmution to that
fleet is o*ported In a few daya.
Qenet.tls (Jrant and Sherman were lat?ly In danger of
|lfc and limb by railroad accldenta. On the 27th Inst
the former was on a train on tha Indianapolis and Cln
Cinoaii road, which was thrown from the track, but An
?ne was injured. A similar accident to General Sherman's
train on the Ohio and Mississippi Kallroad bad s
?Irnllor fortunate result.
Admiral Ooldsbornugh's fleet la xtUI at Cherbourg, and
fa not to proceed to the Mediterranean until the cholers
on tba coaet Is aomewhat abated. The French and Amerl
tan ah ips and officials have exchanged many courtesies,
?n<l a cordial feeling is entertained and friendly aitltudt
Klwayp maintained between them. Our correspondent at
Cherbourg gives a highly Interesting deaoriptlon of the
J ren'Ti Iron dads anil the defences of Cherbourg harbor.
Additional Intelligence from Ireland stairs that the
Tenian excitement Increases, and grava apprehension*
nro entertained It Is retried that men In the English
nrmy are boasting of their connectioo with the Fenians,
find the algns of disaffection In tha army caw
the English papers to demand tha rigid en
forcement of discipline. Fears are eotertalned
that aoMleri from the United Plates will lx
lanled on the coast of Ireland, and a report had gained
tprdence that a body of disbandod t nitwit Kiates soldier
fia.l already landed near Oalvray, Nightly drillings wer<
frequent ovr all parts of Ireland, the conspiracy ?ai
Rapidly spreading and finding friends and aympatbicrn
ijrherever it went.
I Sacramento dates report Ibe occupation of Acapulcti
}>j the French goldlery. Alvarez, the liberal com
under, withdrew on their approach. The liberals wen
?oii(l lent of maintaining their cauae throughout the Id
^terlor of Qneretaro.
t A rog ilar meeting of the Board of Supervisor* *%
JinM yentorday. 4 oomnmnloation was received fron
ihe Mayor, disapproving of the payment of Tnspeetn
Poole's account for registration of births. The acoun
jphowed the ooet of registering each birth i?kai?n cent*
N
As by tew two mbU only wu allowed far the registering
of each marriage, ho waa of opinion thai the rale for
births waa exorbitant. A motion waa Introduced and
carried, providing for the establishment of a oontraot for
supplying stationery to the Board. After soma routine
bastneas was transacted the Board adjourned te Tueeday
afternoon next, at two o'clock.
The Kptscopallan Convention held their saoond day's
aaaaion yesterday. The great event of the day was the
address of Bishop Potter to the Convention, wkloh oooupled
aa hoar In Its delivery, sad was listened to with
great interest. He spoke on the oondlUon of the South,
and entreated that nothing might be done to mar the
moat perfect harmony and klndnesa between the Christian
Churches North and South The reports of the
various oommltieea were read and adopted. The pro- I
vinclal system Invited disonation, and resolutions were |
passed en that sutyeot. The Convention took n reoeea at
three o'olock unlit seven in the evening, when the ordinary
business of the Convention was proceeded with.
The developments in the Lorklng-Xlng case la the Supreme
Court yesterday were aot important, but Interesting.
The testimony of Franoleoo Demingues aad
Bernarda Caideron was taken. It is from the latter
that Mr. King claims to havs had ths seven thonsand
doHara paid to Mary Simpson. She confirmed his testimony
regarding the loan of the money, and entered into
interesting particulars as to how she lent her money and
kept her accounts. The caae was adjourned antil this
morning. The interest evlnoed In it continues on the In- |
otmm, ad the oourt room waa crowd Ml yoaterday daring
the examination.
In the Supreme Oourt, General Tarn, yesterday, before
Judge* Ingraham, Sutherland and PAokham, the oaae of
the People against Bernard Frier? oame up on appeal.
Point* in error were ably argued for the motion of
appeal. The points being relied upon were:?First, aa
to the summons and organisation of the Jury; second,
the challenge to the respective jurors should have been
sustained; third, on the ruling of the Court aa to evidence
; fourth, as to the charge of the Court, and fifth,
tho Judgment should be reversed and a new trial
ordered. The Court took the papers, and reserved decision.
In the Oenoral Sessions yesterday counsel in the oaae
| of Matthew, alias Rocky Moore, charged with robbery in
the first degree, moved to have the trial postponed till
the next term and have the accused admitted to bail.
The motion was granted, and Judge llussel fixed the
ball at five thousand dollars, which was given, Charlea
Devlin becomiug surety. Margaret Sweeny, charged
with stealing one hundred and fifty dollars worth of
clothing from Matthow Driscoll; Mary Naury, accused of
stealing one hundred and eighty dollars from Matthew
Murphy, at the Five Points, and Thomas Pell, indicted
for stealing two hundred dollars from Rlohard O'Neil, on
tho morning of the 7th it&t., wero tried, but in each
case the testimony for tho prosecution was so unreliable
and uncertain, that the Jury acquitted the accused
partios. Poll, who was a negro minstrel performer,
proved previous good character, which, taken in connection
with the ev'dence of the complainant, who had
takon twenty drinks when he lost his money, led the
Jury to promptly runder a verdict of not guilty.
The investigation iu the case 'of the United Service
Petroleum Company, which was to have been continuod
at the Jefferson Market Police Court, was again postponed
on arcount of absence of important witnesses.
The body of the young woman who died at No. 100
Laurens street, supposod from the effect of an abortion
produced by Dr. (innate, or Amity street, oi wuica a iuu
account wax published hi yesterday's Ukkalo, was found
at Ttvoll in charge of James J. Hicks and was brought to
(he city. Yesterday Coroner Wildey held an iuquest,
when the facts in the case were elicited. These
did not differ materially from the account published.
Tin Jury returned a verdict that deceased
had died from peritonitis, the result of a
miscarriage, but were unable to decide from the evidence
whether from medicine or otherwise. Or. Qrindle
and the others were discharged, the Coroner and Jury
expressing their opinions that tho former was guilty, and
regretting that the evidence was insufficient to prove it.
The St. Louis delegation, representing the city government,
yesterday visited High Bridge and the water
works there, and the reservoirs in the Park, and then
took their departure for Boston.
Coroner Collin yesterday hold an Inquest on tho body
of an old negro woman, who had Ixieu known in the
vicinity of Broome street a^ "Dice, the Gypsy Queen."
She was a remarkable specimen of deformed humanity.
The Jury returned a verdict to the effect that ahe had
died from eniarg moiit of the liver.
An unknown soldier was run over and killed by the
Poughkoeais express train, on the Hudaon River Railroad,
yosterday. His movements boforo being struck by
tbn engine indicated that he intended committing suicide.
Patrick Foley was yesterday crushed beneath a bank
of earth, In the rear of No. 109% Greene street, and suffooated.
David Solfnn, of No. 182 Clinton street, waa shot and
dangerously wounded on Wednesday by Christian
Walters, keeper of the saloon No. 20& Division street.
Walters was arrested and committed for examination.
At a later hour at night tho police made a descent on the
saloon and arrested Mrs. Walters and seven disreputable
inmates of the house.
A Gorman named Joseph Eastman was arrested and
committed on the charge of tboft of a wagon and team
of horses from Ijtwrence Dal ton, 196 First avenue.
The Cannstadt Vol Its festival was held at Hamilton
Park, on Sixty-sixth afreet, yesterday, in which some fifteen
thousand person* jtarticipatod. The festivities
wore of a peculiar and ludicrous character, as ia the custom
In the Southern part of Germany. The festival
grounds were tastefully decorated, the partlclpanta enJoyed
themselves as only Germans can, and everything
passed off without the slightest disturbance.
The great trot at the Kastilon Course yesterday was
won by General Butler, after Ave very severe and closely
contested heats. The stallion George Wilkes won the
llrnt and second heats. 1 J?dv Emma, the favorite before
the race, did not come up to the expectations of her
backer*. There was a very large attendance, and everything
passed off in the moat orderly and satisfactory
manner. A full report of the race will be found in
another column.
John Moulton, a native of Maine, was found dead on
Wednesday last at the house of a Mr. Vega, on the
Coney Island plank rood. He Is supposed to have been
Insane, and to have committed suicide.
The Massachusetts Democratic State Convention met
and organised yesterday at Worcester, Mase. The following
ticket was nominatedfor Governor, General D. N.
Couch; for Lieutenant Governor, Thomas F. Plunkett;
for Secretary of State, a 0. Lamb; for Treasurer, T. C.
Amery; for Auditor, A. F, Devereaux; for Attorney
General, H. G. Parker. The resolutions adopted declare
the creed of the democratic party to be the Union and
the constitution, thank the soldier* and sailors, advocate
the speedy subordination of military to civil
authority and the restoration of State power everywhere,
and fully endorses the President's policy and promisee
htm support.
The people of Colorado Territory have adopted the
State constitution by a large majority, excluding the
cla'ise authorizing negro soft-age.
Forty admiralty suits, roost of tbom growing out of
?" ? ?I?.? tn ika 'oKal Qt at as nhiftdv rinrincr (hp
rAllvm Miifluim iu ?|? 1Vuv. , J w
Rod river expedition, and Involving property valued at
> one million neven hundred thousand dollars, are now
pending lo the District Court at Springfield, Illinois.
I M.wi .>f the cotton w;i* sAi/ed tijr the navy, sent to Cairo
i and noid by order of the court. The qnoatlon now la,
whether the proceed* belong to.the government, th?
navy or the clalmanta who have appeared since the solz
I ure. Many new question* are Involved, and a vaat
amount of leg&i tal. nt baa been engaged by the contend
i lag parties.
A highly Interesting letter from C F. Ball, the Arctic
i explorer, announce* that he has discovered that in all
i probability three of the men of Sir John Franklin's Arc
i U?' expedition yei survive and are living among tha In
nulta. One of these supposed survivors ia said to b?
? Cm/ler, who succeeded Sir John Franklin In command
of the expedition.
I A young woman named Nellie Otla was arrested nl
) Boston yesterday charged with stealing six thousand foui
I hundred dollar* from a gentleman la tbla city laai
i Friday.
i Major General Sloe urn, democratic candldato for Becroi
tary of State, arrived at Syracuse yesterday.
i Tho LaCrossasnd Milwaukee Railroad has been ordered
to be *?ld by the United States Circuit Court In tbs cltj
i of Milwaukee.
A boiler exploaion at Buffalo, N. T., yesterday resulted
) In the d*a'h o( meu and the wounding of twalvt
more
Tf.o steamship Co>m, from Liverpool, which arrlrad al
* H ~u n yesterday, brought twenty thousand pounds star
? ling In gold.
r The Dav> nport Brother" have been detected In thelt
t tricks at Pari*, and their Irapoatnre Hilly exposed I
atibsarn that tbs se<sai of the mrio feat lar In tbo con
EW YORK HERALD, FBII
traction of (he bench upon which the hwUww aat, and
which fell to pieces at tha touch of a spring, thaa almost
luUntlf releasing thorn, however tightly bound.
The atook market waa lower, with a drooping tendency,
yesterday. Government! were beery. Qold waa
firm and cloeod at 144.
Tha market* were generally firm yesterday, with a fair
demand for moat articles of domestic and foreign merchandise.
Petroleum was steady. Groceries were Ann.
Cotton was heavy. On 'Change flour was Arm for good
and choice brands, bat dull and lower tor under grades.
Grain was heavy and lower. Provisions were Arm under
a steady, good inquiry. Whiskey waa In moderate
request, and prices were unchanged.
The Poilay ef Kurepaan Powers with
Regard to Amariaa.
There la no donbt that the policy pursued
with regard to thla country, from the eom?
meneement of the civil war, by England and
France, was deliberately considered and
jointly matured by the Emperor Napoleon and
Lord Palmerston. And we may presume that
most, if not all, the governments of Europe
approved of that policy. The hasty recogni
lion of tbe Moutn as a Deiugereni ana 01 toe
ephemeral empire of Maximilian show that
they were quite ready to follow the French Emperor
and British Premier. Bat the part other
governments performed was only seoondary to
| that of France and England. They were the
head and front of the monarchical conspiracy
to destroy, if possible, this mighty republic,
or, at least, to weaken it and throw discredit
en republican institutions. It is with them,
consequently, we have to treat chiefly in
settling the difficulties their conduct has
created.
If we could get at the secret history
of the conferences and intrigues of these
European Powera from the beginning of the
war, and particularly when it assumed such
vast proportions as really to threaten the integrity
of the republic, we should see enough,
probably, to Intensify the indignation of the
people. When known it will form, doubtless, a
curious chapter in the history of tbe period.
But the development of their policy is sufficient
to show their motive without a revela
tion of the secret propositions or plans of Lord
Palmerston or Louis Napoleon.
We are aware that in conceding belligerent
rights to the revolted States almost before the
smoke of the first gun was oleared away the
British government eagerly seized the earliest
opportunity to break down her greatest commercial
and maritime rival. This was followed,
of course, by the fitting out of privateers in
British "neutral waters." The result was the
temporary destruction of our mercantile marine
and the increase of that of our rival. All
this was perfectly consistent with the selfish
and far-reaching policy of England. A
Power which had successively destroyed
every maritime nation that had risen to
eminence and rivalry with her, as the
Dutch, Spanish, Danes and French, would not
allow such an opportunity as that of our
war to pass without aiming a blow at tu, the
greatest rival she ever had. Added to this
was the desire to weaken and throw odium on
republican institutions, which were beginning
to act powerfully upon her own monarchical
and aristocratic government.
The Emperor Napoleon, taking the cue from
tnifl insidious nosumy 01 raigittuu, una waring
also tbe influence which the success and power
of republican institutions and ideas hero might
have upon his mercurial and revolutionary
subjects, undertook to extinguish a neighboring
republic on our border. In defiance of the
long established policy of this country of excluding
all European interference with the
States of the American continont, he invaded
Mexico, erected an empire, and imported a
European monarch to rule it. All this was in
perfect harmony with the conduct of Great
Britain; and, no doubt, both Powers acted in
concert, performing tbe role laid down for each
in the original programme.
The temerity of such conduct and projects, in
the face of a mighty, vigorous and warlike nation
as we are, shows how great the stake was
in their estimation. True, tliey did not see nor
comprehend the fall extent of our power; nor
did they expect the result of the war wonld be
such as it in. Dut their want of foresight does
not excuse thorn; it only makes their acts appear
more transparent and treacherous. The
sagacious Palmerston and the astute Napoleon
have fallen into their own trap. They expected
to see us divided, paralyzed and shorn of our
power. Instead of that we emerge from the
war mightier than ever. In a few weeks we
could have under arms a million of men inferior
to none in the world as brave and skilful
soldiers. With sach an army and navy as we
could bring into action no Power nor combination
of Powers could stand before us on this
hemisphere. War has no terrors for the
American people; the excitement of it is rather
fascinating, especially when there is a great
principle involved.
Still, neither the government nor p?6ple of the
United States desire to go to war. They will
even be patient under injustice for a time to
allow those who injure them to reflect and
escape with as little mortification as possible.
But they will never submit to insult or degradation.
And in this matter of Mexico, as well
jih that of the pirates that have been let loose
from Uritixh ports to prey upon our commerce,
we must have a settlement Though the conduct
of England and France toward us in the day of
our trouble was not such as merits forbearance,
wc do not wish to retaliate. We want peace,
i and will forget much to secure it. We must,
however, have this Mexican question settled,
the Monroe doctrine vindicated, reparation lor
the destruction of our property by the Alabama
and other pirates sent out from England, an ini
ternationai decision on maritime law, and other
matters of importance adjusted. Above all,
America must be left to the Americans. Europe
must take her bands off this continent,
i The States of America must control their own
I destiny, and European power must confine
itself to its own continent If then is to be
any arbiter in the affairs of the different nations
( on this side of the Atlantic, the United States,
from its position and power, is the proper one.
i Under these circumstances, and with a view
to the embarrassing situation of thf Emperor
' Napoleon, we advise hit Majesty to renew fell
proposition for a congress of nations, including
those of America, and especially (be United
I States, as having the greatest rcigh) '$]]
r this continent Palmerston wouty Cot. pp.'
( pose it now, if ho did before. CoQ6ert
, of action and understanding bctfcsett ffc.
pnleon and nnr government Would cbwp^l
t England to acquissoa. This proposed cgnftreu
to act on Amerioan affairs and maritime Uw \t
the trne way to settle existing difficulties attf
t to preserve peace between the Old and th<
. Now WnrW
OAT, SEPTEMBER 2V, 1865
t .
Tk? Hew Oon|reu?The V?w 0?Ui ?M
(kt Haw Law of the Hmu* OrgaaluUm,
for Ik* Clark.
The act of Congress of IMS, providing a
new oath for " very person elected or appointed
to any office of honor or emolument,
oivil, military or naval, or any other department
of the public servioe," appears to be
regarded ae an impassable obstruction to most
if not all of the members that may be returned
in Deoember next from the late rebellious
States. This new. oath requires them to swear
that they hare "never voluntarily borne arms
against the United States," nor "voluntarily
given aid, countenance, counsel or encouragement
to persons" engaged in hostility to the
government; "nor sought, nor acoepted, nor
attempted to exeroise the Amotions of any
office whatever under any authority or pretended
authority in hostility to the United
8tates," fto.; and the opinion naturally follows,
that, of the citisens of the late rebellious
states competent to mi me poet 01 momiwr
of Congress or likely to b? elected to fill it,
very few will be able to meet the requirement*
of this oath.
What, then, is to be done? Some of the
citizens of Charlottesville, Va., have appealed
to President Johnson for information upon this
point, and the Attorney General of the United
States, to whom the matter was referred,
replies that he is instructed by the President
to say that "he has no more means of knowing
what Congress may do in regard to the oath
about which they inquire than any other
citizen; but it is his earnest wish that loyal
and true men, to whom no objections can be
made, should be elected to Congress." In
other words, the President responds that the
two houses of Congress have absolute authority
over this matter, and that the wisest
course on the part of the people of the
Southern States who desire a restoration to
Congress is to elect men as their representatives
against "whom no objections can be
made." This is good advice, in view of the
fact that most of the candidates up for Congress
in Virginia at present appear to rest
their claims for popular support, very unwisely,
upon their services in the cause of the
rebellion.
But let us suppose that all the Southern
States by the first Monday in December next
will have elected full delegations to Congress
awaiting their admission into the House of
Representatives, will, not the power of their
admission or rejection depend upon the Clerk
holding over from the last Congress? Is he
KAiind in faorllnrr ftlA mil fn Anil QTlH All.
mit to the election of the Spoaker, the members
of every State presenting their credentials
of election in due form? He is so bound; but
the due form in March, 1863, to guard against
possible accidents during the war, was doflned
in a special act of Congress, which provides
that "before the first meeting of the next Congress,
and of every subsequent Congress, the
Clerk of the next preceding House of Representatives
shall make a roll of the representatives
elect, and plaoe thereon the names of all
persons, and of such persona only, whose ere!
dentials show that they were regularly elected in
! accordance with the laws of their States re!
Hpectivuly, or the laws of the United States."
I This is the law governing the Clerk of the
i House, and it must be remembered that, holding
' over from the last Congress, he will be the pre!
siding officer of the House until a Speaker is
i elected. Will this law prevent the Clerk from
I admitting to the election of a Spoaker the
members who may present themBolveB from the
late insurgent States? It rests with him to this
extent, to determine whether they will have
been "regularly elected, in accordance with
the laws of their States respectively, or of the
United States." It strikes us that there is
j nothing in the law to prevent his deciding in
: favor of the Southern members; but as
the Clerk, who will have to settle this
preliminary difficulty, Mr. Edward McPherson,
i of Pa., was elected by the last radical repubi
lienn House, bis decision in the line suggested
! miiy be considered doubtful. lie may have a
golden opportunity for a brilliant coup d^lai
I in support of President Johnson in the election
of the Speaker; but much will depend upon
the number of members elect present in the
Capitol on the first Monday in Decembor from
the Southern States. Let those States push forward
their Congressional elections, so as to be
I able on the first Monday in December to pre!
sent their full strength at Washington, and they
may perhaps be admitted on the roll of the
Clerk, and wield the balance of power in the
elneiinn of Sneaker.
In this view we assume that there will be a
considerable number of conservative republi1
can members who will be prepared to support
' the policy of President Johnson against that of
the abolition radicals. Thus a conservative
Speaker of the House may be secured, and
then any little difficulty of swearing in the
Southern members, upon the now oath of
office, will be easily surmounted upon the absolution
of President Johnson's pardons and
amnesties. That such a course will be agreeable
to the President we cannot doubt; and we
think it very likely that at the threshold of the
new Congress this test will draw the line between
the supporters and the opponents of his
Southern reconstruction policy. In this connec
(ion Mr. Edward McPherson, the present Clerk
of the House, may play a leading part in one
of the moat important political revolutions of
the nineteenth century, by recognizing, in bis
roll of the House, the programme of Andy
Johnson.
Thk South and the Constitutional Amendment.?The
opponents of the President's
policy for reorganizing the Southern States
are constantly harping about the constitutional
amendment which passed Congress lost winter.
They bold that the action of the constitutional
conventions of the several States does not pre*
vent the whole subject from being again
opened and slavery retained in the South.
The wisest and best course for the South is to
completely disarm this class and take away all
their political capital. As soon, therefore, as
the Legislature assembles in any of those States
i which were engaged in the rebellion they
should forthwith ratify the action of Congress
i In tbl? respect This is no mora than is being
[ dpqft by all the conventions which have thus
^/ Msemblod; but they should go through
i With thai formality in their Legislatures, and
U Wtl) little the question beyond any p?ra<JI
*%turo %nd prevent any possibility of a qulbi
yif by any class is either flection The radii
cato, ere determined to aeize upon every pret
text possible to justify them in preventing the
) admission of the Southern representatives in
the nqxt Congress. Let the South therefore.
I
ttend to this duty, and before they elect their ?
Senators formally endorse the amendment of o
the constitution abolishing slavery which tl
passed Congress last winter, end they will find e
that the radicals will be deprived of all their tl
power for evil. Public opinion will then be G
so strong against them that they will not dare c
to prevent the admittance of the Southern b
representatives at the next session of Congress. *
? c
Canada and Annexation.?During the prograss
of the European capitalists throughout ^
the West the leading spirit of the party, g
Sir Morton Peto, made many shrewd, sen- e
sible and statesmanlike remarks about the a
wonderful resources of our oountry. But the B
moment Sir Morton touched British soil in Canada
he seemed to cover hie sagaolty as with a
bushel, and to lose sight of the power and pre- B
ponderating Influence of the United States on d
the American continent Judging from the ^
tone of a speech delivered by him to the Board ^
of Trade in Hamilton, Canada, about the 20th
instant, Sir Morton seems to be impressed with
the idea that the question of the annexation of
Canada is one not seriously contemplated by *
the people of the United States nor actually u
entertained by the Canadian population. In 0
this Sir Morton exhibited a forgetMneea of the *
reiterated declarations of m member of tbe pre
sent Cabinet in Washington?declarations that (
have been endorsed by more than one pnbtio j
meeting?and also a very superficial knowledge J
of the temper of the Canadian people. Sir Mor- i
ton implies in bis remarks that the separation '
of Canada from the British government would be '
a matter of indifference to the latter. This may {
be, and probably is the case. Bat his inference |
that Canada could exist as an independent i
Power on this continent is erroneous. Separated
from Great Britain, Canada must join the '
federal Union or become a more insignificant ,
Power than cither of the little Central Ameri- I
can republics. i
Sir Morton advises the Canadian population '
to be content with their present relations. (
They cannot His own operations and mag- ,
nificent enterprises demonstrate that the Cana- i
dians are not content with their present condi- 1
tion, politically or commercially, rney are
secretly warm for annexation to the United I
States. Not a rail put down nor the span of a
bridge constructed by Sir Morton connecting
Canada with the United States but cements the i
fraternal feeling and commercial interests between
the people on both sides of the St Lawrence,
the Niagara and the lower and upper
lakes. The more Sir Morton developes the
resources of Canada the more the Canadian
population will desire annexation, and the
more indifferent the British government is in
regard 10 me miure uuuumuu ui uuuaua un
sooner will that country fall into the lap of the
Union. Canada is rapidly annexing herself.
Sir Morton Peto is doing the best thing in the
world to bring about such a consummation.
He is linking Canada to the Union with bands
of iron and ribs of granite.
Niobo Itou fob New Enoland.?It is very
evident from recent advices that the negro
troops are no longer needed in South Carolina
or any of the other Southern States. The work
of reorganisation under President Johnson's
policy is progressing so favorably everywhere
that the negro troops have nothing to do, nor
are they required there. Even South Carolina
i la hnnnminir one of the most neaceable locali
ties in the whole country. We advise the
President to withdraw the colored troops from
that section and send them immediately to
New England. The latter locality, under the
teachings of the radicals, is becoming ezoited.
The leaders are threatening another revolution
and need close watching. They claim that the
President should take certain steps on the
ground that military rule still prevails, and we
! trust that Mr. Johnson will take them at their
! word and forthwith garrison every portion of
New England with negro troops.
There is no telling what the political conspirators
of the radical school may not do if
they are allowed to continue their plotting and
scheming. The radical Jacobins there have
already threatened repudiation, revolution
and numerous other things if their ideas
| are not adopted. Senator Sumner has even
gone ao far as to advocate in executive
j session of the Senate the impeachment of
! Mr. Johnson. All this shows the animus of the
New England radicals and the necessity of
their being closely watched. Those fanatics
j manifest great love and devotion for the
, negroes. The best thing that the President
can do is to put the negro troops on duty at
their very doors. We know no better way to
prevent a revolution in that locality. What is
done should be done immediately. The radicals
are busy night and day embittering the
1 minds of their followers, and if left alone will
] soon become so bold that it will take more
; than the present number of enrolled blacks to
| keep them straight But by the immediate
withdrawal of all negro troops from the
South, and their proper distribution throughout
New England, all trouble may be averted, and
the conspiracy in thut locality nipped in the
bud. Groat care should be taken to. place sufficient
efficient colored warriors over the residences
of Phillips and Sumner, as well as
Fanenil Hall. These are the first points to be
attended to.
Indep*nd*nt Theatrical and Musical Criticism.?For
many years there has been a system
of indiscriminate puffery of the theatres.
The press, as a rule, has never spoken its
opinions openly and honestly of managers or
actors, operas or plays. This abuse has been
fostered by the doad head system, carried on
and tolerated to a shameless extent. The
theatres originated this system, and offering a
free ticket as a courtesy they always considered
it as a bribe and expected an equivalent
The managers carried this system so
far that sometimes they would send to the
newspaper offices whole bundles of tickets;
and none ever carried it farther than the present
manager of the Italian Opera. Nor was
any manager ever more insatiably hungry for
notices. But managers, actors and singers
were always dissatisfied and grnmbling unless
the papers were beplastering them with praise.
They came to consider the press as a mere
adjunot to their establishments?as a little
institution that had no business in the world
but to let people know what a wonderful
artist this or that person might be.
W? hat* had just now a striking illustration
of the effect of this system on the criticism for
whioh the public looks to the press. The press
generally has within the last few days teemed |
with mnsieal notices apropos to the appearance
of several mcdiocro artists: but the nubliA
J
roold suppose from the notices flutt Am
emmonplaoe singers were the equal*. If aat
be superiors, of any the world has Men. Sa
xtraTagant ud general baa been the praise
bat the public might suppose that the equals of
Irisi, Malibran, Mario or Oubini bad suddenly
ome to ua. This is all wrong, aad there oust
e a shange in it, So for as we are oonossnsi
re Intend to stop all this. We intend to evittise
public amuaements. We shall do it wfth
lie lhirness that is due to the theatres, and alaa
rith the fairness that is due to tbe pnblio?la a
pirlt of earnest erittoism, recognising that
ery word or mere puffery is aa attempt to
ssist tbe theatres in imposing upon tbe oo?>
lunuy.
Exfioibmot rataus Pmnctplb.?Ben Wood
ay? In hi* paper that be knows little of expe?
lienor, bat bu been guided only by principle,
'bis is perfectly true. Twonty-five thousand
lollars In gold I
CITY DTTELLiaSHCE.
Kant or m Ansai<mr iMnrrors. ?The fair at prwii
tag evtM oa by the American Institute, on Tomrseuth
street, Mar Sixth avenue, haa thus far been on*
f tho moat Hocwftil that body haa held. It ia daily
nd nightly the rsadesvous of anaateur machinists, as
rell aa praeUoal men, art lata, manufacturers, and ladles
ad gentleman who daalre to pass a pleasant hoar In a
irofltabie manner. And where oonld this be better dona
ban at an exhibition where the beauty of nature and
,rt, the polished and useful of mechanics, vie with eaeh
rther in the well arranged floors of the American Initiate?
A place which is particularly attractive to tba
adiea, and which has, oach hour during tbo day and
ivenlng, its fair vtsiiants, is the gallery overlooking oaa
intire side of the extensive haH, and from which a Bird's
tye view of one of the most striking pictures ever
[rouped by man may be seen. But where everything Is
nioreetlng and worthy of being examined, it makes
tttle difference where the visitor commence* or leaves
>fT. Every citizen should visit the fair and contribute to
- na?r.,U?aa >I> wail ma tf\ itfl tTOUIirV.
Skwkraok Nuwanci.?It is stated by reeidonta of
.he locality that the sower In Pearl street, at the corner
>f Whitehall street, has l>een clogged up and rondored
vorse than useless Tor somo weeks, and that the vicinity
las boon converted into a slough of unsavory smell and
inseemly appearance by the accumulated filth. Such
leglect may produce a baneful effect upon the health of
.hti neighborhood.
Thk Ciuab and Tobacco Manufacture and Dralim
ire again making efforts to secure a chango of the inter- 4
lal revenue laws as far as the tax oa manufactured tobacco
and oigara is concerned. They desire to have the
Lax on the manufactured article aboUshod, the tax to be
placed on the raw material?on leaf tobacco. A meeting
Df the cigar and tobacco manufacturers and dealers of the
Seventh district was held in Third street yesterday, for
tho purpose of effecting a reorganization. Permanent
officers were elected, and a general mooting of manufacturers,
at which thu other districts will be represented,
... Tlx. nnwni
1.1 W IttKO Jlinuu 1U lilt? WUIDD Ul UVAO nvvn. ,
system of taxation is represented to be very disadvantageous
and ruinous to the trad-*, and it is very likely that
a chango of the tax law will be made In thla respect by
the next Congress. I
Thk Nkw Stramship Hbnkt Chacnckt left this port at
three o'clock yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of
making her formal trial trip to sea and fully testing her
abilities, which on a former trial to Sandy Hook and returning
were found to be unexceptionable. The Henry
Chauncey was built for the.Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
She is a sidewhoel vessel, of 2,687 tons register,
which is 500 loss tonnago, with the same power, than any
other steamship in New York. She ought, therefor*, to
be the fastest vessel out of this port. Her trial trip will
occupy four or five days. She will visit during her absence
Boston, Providence and Newport. )
Swindling by thk Krapdiji.bnt Use or Exrum
Emmons and Tklkoraph Blanks.?Soma villains at*
Inaugurating a new swindling dodge. An envelope to
used purporting to be and having printed upon it ifl largo
type "Money package,'' "American Express Company,"
and properly addressed and endorsed as coming from Um
Navy Yard at Washington. The wife of an officer of the
navy was inducod to pay seven dollars to the boarer of
such a package yesterday. She was allowed to open IC *
and read what appeared to be two telegraph message* or
the American Telegraph Company, directing the paymnnt
of prize money to her husband. Both the envelope
and telegraph blank had been obtained by theft
or other improper manner. Tho public should he OB
their guard against the scoundrels.
tils IN KOHKVKLT 3T1IR.?AOOUl Olevau U CIIKI m
night a Are broke out in a frame stable in the rear of
No. 13 Rosevelt street, occupied by Philip Croaghen and
others. The flames extended to the rear of the front
building occupied by John Power* aa a carpenter shop,
and also by lira. Foster and others as a dwelling. The
store is oocupied by Charles Jehring as a grocery; stock
damaged by water about $100; insured for $1,600 in thn
St. Marks' Insurance Company. The furniture of the
occupants was mostly taken out: damage about $100, no
Insurance. Mr. Power's loss will be about $300; no insurance.
The horses were all taken out uninjured. The
damage to the buildings will be about $800. A line of
hose was taken through tho window shad* and wnll t
paper store of Childs and Smith, No. 461 Pearl street,
and the stock damaged by water to the extent of $M0,
and the building about $160. The occupants of butldln/
No. 11 Roe^velt street removed their furniture and nftalned
considerable damage by breakage and wnte*
The St. Louis Dclegatira,
VISIT TO TUB OROTON IT ATM WORM AMD IW1HURR
KOR BOSTON, BTO.
The programme for the week?laid down by President '
Valle, of the St Louis delegation?was completed yesterday
by a visit of the entire party, numbering twenty*
seven porsous, to our magnificent water work* at High
Bridge and th* Park. Sevon carriages left the Astor
House at ten o'clock A. M., and arriving at the distributing
reservoir the visitors were received by Engineer
Craven, or the Crotou Water Works. They drove first to
High Bridge, Harlem, and spent over an honr inspecting
that wonderf ul structure. A vory creditable rupast wee I
propared for them at the hotel there, Engineer Craven
acting as host.
Senator Hocan. of St. Louis, and President Vail*
complimented tne city of New York on tho
efficiency and magnitude of the department whioh
Mr. Craven so ably superintended, and thanked
that gentleman in the name of the delegation
for courtesies extended them. The delegation next drove
down to the Park reservoir and closely examined tho ,
works there The feelings excited by this trip worn
those of admiration and wondor, and our visitors unanimously
pronounced the Croton Water Works the beat they
had ever seen. We have not seen such decided enthusiasm
displayed by them since tfaeir arrival as on yesterday.
The party reached the Astor House by four P. M , and
at once made prefiarations for their departure. They left
the city on the packet City of Boeton, at live o'clock, to
visit the "Hab," and Me bow the modern Athenian*
progress. They will return to this city on Tuesdsy noxt
and start for Chicago the following day. The dulegatioa
spoke In the highest term* of our public institutions, an4 ?
admitted that their visit here had furnished them with
ideas of improvement that they would reduce to praetioo
after their return to St. Lou la
Broad war Tmunui.? Last night Madame Caleste appeared
at thta houae In her original character of tho
French Spy. Those who aaw her when this piece waft
produced especially for her some yean ago must tiara ?
been surprised at the vmitemblattee to the Madame Celesto
of former.tlroes which the artist presented last evening.
In grace of aotlon, elegance of flgure and the capacity to
make a story intelligible by dumb show, Celesta has no
superior on the sta?e. She Is now, aa much as she was
ten yeara ago, the mistress of the situation In panto- ^
mime. In her costuming as well as her acting la tte
drama preaented last night there was obserrahle a delicacy
which must have been moat agreeable to the refined
and cultivated audience present, and wa have rarely neaa
a more select one within the walls of the Broadway. Tho
house was entirely filled by a faahionable and brilliant
assemblage. We presume that tha main attraction wis '
the impersonation of a part by Madame Celeste la which
her early triumphs wars obtained, and which were revived
on this occasion by a most flattering and entha
siastlc reception. Madame Celeste will appear at a grand
matinea to-morrow.
WnrrBR Garm*.? Mr. Clarke plays M^for de Boots and '
Tnodles to night for the last time this season. Thla will
make, In all, two hundred and thirty nights that ha
has played the same ports la ttjla theatre?a good evidence
of the high eatimation In which this excellent actor
la held by the metropolitan public. To morrow night
the American Cousin will, be produced here, with Mr.
Clarke as An Trenchard. This, also, Is one of Mr.
Clarke's best parts. Tha cast is otherwise good. *iflaa .
Rosa Eytiogo appears In It.
I Grant and Shermaft In bangpr.
CmcufXAn, Sept. 28, 1845.
I While General Grant was returning from Indiana polls
I at an early hour yesterday morning tha Saitoh at tlto
end.of tbo curve at Gulford had been turned Intention.
nHy, and the car In which tha General was seated wao
thrown fata the track and drafted some ilitaDo*. No
One Was Injured
i About th# same tim? a train on the Ohio and Mk*sMppl
Railroad, carrying General Sherman, fu Utfowa
from tha track this sldq ot f-wrancebur*. No ona w