Tk? 4ft? of grace is past, and the day of wrath has
arrived. AU thoae Who did not take the oath of allegiance
ho the United States an the 23d inst ? the last day allowed
fey the Preeidenfa-proclamation, agreeably to the act of
Omgrseg?are battle to have their gcods and chattels?
, lands, bsrscs, cattle and creeping things, Includ
-all?confiscated-, and, verily, It Is said
?h?t Benjamin,4he son of Butler, Is detenuiued to spoil
kibe Egyptians v ho have refused to testify their ailoglance
to the govemsi<-ni In- t-.kl : the oath.
Fbr several do. ? tin* city has been In estate of
' ferment on the < ilie oath. As the time approaches
when it must be loksti, or Dot at all, a well grounded ap.
prehension bagan to be entertained,that so great would
he the rush of the people to tdke It, that time would not
eefficp to swear all the applicants. To accommodate the
laggards? several places about the city were deeignated
far the oath to be taken by the compulsory loyalists, and
Sreaty officer? were appointed to see it administered with
all due formality. The aneient prophet said, "For the
sake of swearing, the land mourneth.". This has been
fully realised in New Orleans during the last few
days. Such wholesale, and In many instances,
hard swearing has net been seen or heard
sue# the French settled the swamps of Louisiana.
Not only judicial swearing, such as the Protestant Episco
pal church declares can be lawfully done before the civil
SMgiscate, but I am sorry-to say any amount of profane
? swearing, intermixed with awful cursing, in the midst of
which the word " damn" figured as a very mild uxplo"
tive. 1 need hardly my that those who swore most like
pirates?nay, like Corporal Trim's army In Flanders,
were those who were tire most backward of taking the
Innocent and Decessary oatb, denoting their allegiance to
the country of their birth or adoption, under the protec
tion of whose flag they have been blessed to a degree un -
known to any other people. Thus Saturday passed away,
en which day about four thousand people took the oath o1
aUegkanoe.
On Monday the furore increased In Intensity, for it was
the last day but one. On that day Carcndelet street was
la a perfect state of fidget. This Is the great resort of
the cotton brokers, who, by the way, have at present
preekms little to do, and, therefore, like St. Luke's
Athenians, meet together every day, cither to bear or to
apaak of some new thing. On Monday, however, whew !
the " Hugs1' were crowded with the loyal subjects of
Kill Cotton?many of tbem being peers of the realm of
Cottondom, or oollon lords. It was quite edifying to see
the portly forms of the-e nabobs, as, gathered together
?B the stoops of their counting offices, they discussed,
elongated countenances, the expediency of obeying
disobeying tbe order of General Butler. To under,
fully tbe feelings of these men, it is necessary to
know that tbe most systematic course of lying has been
resorted to by the small pots toe press of Jack
eon and other one-horse tewns in the State
of 'Mississippi?all for the purpose of Inducing
the belief that the rebels will again bare pos
session of New Orleans before long. These papers
have gone so far In tboir mendacity, as to state in
the m?ml circumstantial manner, tbat not only Cincinnati,
hut even Washington has been captured by tbe rebels, lu
the hope that property holders here will be deterred from
Wing the oath of allegiance to tbe legitimate govern
ment, from fear ot their property being confiscated by
the spurious government when it once mere has posses
stoa of lb# city. It is to be feared that, In too many lu'
stances, these diabolical plots have bsen successful, espe
?tally among the more ignorant portion of the commu
nity.
In spite of all these efibrts to binder tbe return to loyal
ty, the rush to the different places where tbe oatb was ad
ministered was very large on Monday, and many of the
rich old fellows of Carondelet street, loyal subjects of King
Uiuoii were *mo:ig those who tw re allogtauce to Uncle
Ham. At the Custom House the srowd was Immem-e,
Bonaistliig principally of colored women, the majority of
whom sp'le Fre < h. or a paloit of that language?all
property holders, and all anxUue to take the oath ere It
was too iaie. Several places lis 1 to be appointed for the
accommodation of the vsrt crowd, and such an incessant
poly*l"t of luguage has not been heard, probably, since
tbe futile attempt to construct the lower of Babel While
paa.-i.itf through the motley throng, roin posed or all
shade* of color.from tire fair me*toe (improperly called
nclarocu by HourcFaultj, le tbe pure black, I was sevsral
tunes a rusted tii Freach fey the anxious females, who.
from u v busy maimer. neemed to think me an of
?ci.il ; but a prompt?" No par lex Fran rats '
always promptly relieved m? from further importunity:
tor what sniin or woman t.a.h rvtaii Mug even the worst
puoif ot & s French language, at*; Id have dared a repeti
tion of m.r pronunotfitim of that elegant league*
From the Custom House f praoasdsd to Ui* Cltv HaB.
where the wine business was ts Ureal activity. Colons!
French?* oltmc wa# lull, nod pe le were pav-tug in and
not like immense sho.ila of ma ken d. Here 1 recognized
m-ny an old cadger from Csroud.-le t street and thorough
faar* adj'irvnt, tab >, unabie to lain? tbe >>atU ou the sly,
had nerva l theriselvea to the p ihlM performaee of thai
dun and were t >uu l retiring from t he Court House as
putt patriot# a* 1 th y hid never ia trrabed far Beatre
gar.,, ir prayed far long life to King J '-JT. But Falao will
know .ni-own,aud will be able to dit> criminate betweea
the trt, v repei'tsut and thorn* who, bar tog taken the oath
merely to save their pr party for tb o present, would
brack p to-morrow to servs the sinie Ira iiettia. It isootn.
gmt? d tii., the nutiifeT ot oath takers on Monday amount
ed to five thousand.
(Ni Tuesday tb? lad day. stretigo toss y, tbo rush was
uot mi grant It was tv,>ectrd t.iat #.x t thousand would
birs t iksij ut' oath os th> t,d* v but It S cuir tint the
numt sr* apfdying for it kail been exhaust#* 1 ne irly on the
previous day*. I wo o r three lli->uit?ud wiS aboot never
th# t .tnfeer os Tuesday. This day. has. i* waver, abso
lutely brought matter* to a clow and *ti wt to have not
l*k< n the oath ot allegiance are liable Po be punished lor
Ih |r eoptumaclous treuses by the conowcal ion of their
p'0;?i iy Th se who arc thus de-p riled ot their goods
at d 11.1 tele will have nobody but their o wn < betltun y u>
thn.k for their loaa. Som** pespla here tmn uy imagine
that t.rneial Butler trill extend the day) ?r .taking the
oath U> forty days alter th-* iCJd. not* c 'U*id*rmg
thai 'either General Butler uor th# ' ,Fresi.|flnt
bint'elf lets any authority to alter an act of
On: ere* T.iH dclcn u ssetns to me to be one atuong
tie in .ny no' - (?f me sere.-siotitsi? to entan.yl* simple
pe pw* I the inextricable iner-bus. ot this reV't'llion.
Such twof I w I!! li.tv eu .^h ta answer for. If ucH lu ibis
world, in the world lo come.
In in\ la-t I hinted that the reeoot order of ? *et mral
Boiler, .orbidding th1- transier ot property, exc 'J'*
tween |iorsnns who b'td Piksu the "ath oi abegisnce . a'tad
cj"m ' great <(>nnern?tlon At that time 1 was' not
a ..re "< th' reaso . f tho rder. I an now. It was ua ?
Soub ? j to prevent ht-l yal |?s?pie from evading iba
! unit iti m n i. Among this class'if people there is,\of
? u ?? , -rctiiiilltig and gr<>w lm>i, and (jsuerai Butler
?s a tii ted bt them to be reg 'tded a-ovr riding tne
p -*<d?ta lioa" of the Pr'-stdotit opstdagtlie port of New
Or o?t,. to the < mimerre of the w orld. Thlr tort of peo
l> <? b t tw uie wood root adtnireta id FrMideut 1-inoolu
in. ? niuv 1* t ( nftatn Road?a New Yorlt mm?with
? ?'ii II ''cU< h a lit 'if til- unuutiii , atirroed
wl hi ? i >g ? :i nn'' o.i|i( Tirijj a party of jrurrillan la the
twain p tortararii tlik? i ay and laikc ivnU'hnrtialtl. llie
party a art- "ii thoir way nut to yolri thrli ivnopanv <? the
>! bar aide of "tir lm- ,nl * hlcb information rearhed tfm
It?d i .ariaf of Uw Kifth brigade, upon wlil h (Wptnfn
Mr.i>i with ? liouioliiiii 'it, wa- h. m u> overhaul tliara
lilili' : 'apiny tu tba r?l}'" o iha -wanp/lhe Kim.Kir*
dtanrn iili d. tied up III ir I. ?? a d darli. il in on ff t.
triar wadttifr thrnagb tit# tnud and water lor about a
Itiurtrr ??f ? mile, a mau w?a ae?n h* ailing thnm?h a
jronp <4 iwltuctt"rr. Ih< r any era xpr?d to the
right aad loft. advani inn both thiat, and ata ri
<l?otr?r*d a Marty of wnreu guerilla*. racli of win in wm
ftair ttnknl. and rnrry In* a pot lk>n ol hw anrmanta la fact
oate 11ta marcii tftrMtfli tl* ?jm?p. wtt.cn,la that place
M till Of ?I* rn lea Wide The ft.' .nine retard th r
rift.-- and naptain H'ati ordarrd tha pna'tna* to atnnd, to
?Inch they raj'hed, ?W??y?tr?ridr. .'r I lie Uj.uw, with
? Duttu ient i'uaril remained with the prisoners and dis
persed ibe reiualuder of hu> company in different dircc
tloue, with instruction* to take prisoner every uian they
could fiud, and to shod all who might run. This revolted
m the capture of never more prisoners, being the entire
de'arhsaent. A quantity of Confederate money and hw
portaut paper* were found on them. They were ail armed
with revolver*, hot. when about to be taken, thee
concealed tliem fn tic mud They abb sucededatTln tf
?troying many of their papers. The prisoner# were
taken to AcOB| Brlgndtqr tf v&WU WW ley at hi* heed
quarter*, Camp Williams, whence lhay were senlta to
this city for trtkl. They claim the privileges of prisoners
of war, but it is doubtrul whether they are entitled to
them
On Monday evening I sooompanied Lieutenant Colonel
H?hart, of the Twenty first Wieconsin Volunteers, on a
visit to the St James Hospital. Colonel Hobart wora the
rood.nt shoulder straps or a captain of the Fourth Wiscon
sin Volunteers, from which be bus been lately promoted
to his present position. The Colonel returns North on the
Mai ion this morning. to see to the completion of bi6 new
res mien t.
*rK- *? Hnanital te the larseet military hospital In
New Orleans. It Is the building formerly known as u?ew. i
Jam- s Hotel, situated in Magazine street, bctwceu Gravler |
and Poydras streets. U is under the super tulcndir^g
of Dr. Coning*, surgeon of the Thirteenth Connecticut, Vo- I
luntvere. The building is several stories m height, tad
is dtvtded (hotel fashion) into a Cumber or >**11
bedrooms, with here and there a larger mom,
wb ch formerly served aa a parlor or aitUny, room. .
The men. for the moot part, betas kept in rooms oautain
em two beds, were far more com for table than, they could
possibly be In large wards. The nurses seesato be atten
tive, and tt is palpable to the senses that, the greatest
cleanliness is observed throughout the butlitag. Moat of
the mm were wounded at baton Rouge. All of thorn
were doing well. Here, toe, ar? the poor fellows who re
ceived their wounds at tba recent disastrous aflair at I'on
ch'itcula. 1 saw the man who had a great port 100 of
the fleshy part of bis leg tern away. The
hnfb was swathed in bandages, and, of course, in 'h
swollen, but Dr-fUnntage aasured me, as 1 had been told by
the surgeon oftneNcw Londou before, that not the slight
?st apprehension was antartaiued for bun. I hod heard a
great deal of tbe borrors of a hospital filled with wounded
soldiers, but, under the dtreotiou of Dr. Con inge, these hor
roisdonot seem to be realised in the case ol the St.
James Hospiiel. 1 daresay many besides myself have
slept in hotels where not half the regard is paid to ctenn
liiicfw as in that home for wounded Union midiurs. The
noepita! is by no moans l ull.
Colonel McMillan has gone up the river on an expe-ti
ttftn with his new and famous Twenty-first Indiana regi
ment, which did such good service at ItutoD Rouge. They
have isA returned. but that they will, with a good record,
Is a foregone conclusion.
Tho "Bag of truce" which arrived here last Tuesday
morning from Ponchatoula, lor the ,purpoee of making ar
rangements for tho exchange of prisoners, returned to
that place on Friday mornieg. accompanied by Lieutenant
PufTor, of General Butler's staff, who was commissioned to
endeavor to attest the immediate release on parole of the
wounded Union soldiers left at Ponclmtoula at the recent
skirmish there Owing to uoceenory detentions, Lieu
tenant Puller did not arrive in this city on his return until
this morning. He brought with him Captain C. C. (1.
Thornton, of Company C, Twelfth regiment Maine Volun
teers: Daniel 1). Martin, a private in the same company- Dr.
Avery, ot the Ninth Connecticut regiment, and Orrin I)ur
gin, hospital steward, Twelllh Maine, both of whom
voluntarily remained behind after the tight to take cure
of our wounded. Besides these, General Jeff. Thompson
had tour wounded prisoners, whom be had sent to the
hospital at MagnoHa, Miss., and one unwounded man
whom he had sent to Jackson, Mies.
They are all to be forwarded to New Orleans aa soon as
possible, in accordance with the provisions of the cartel
for a general exchange.
There were about a dosen others of oar men wbo were
left at Ponchatoula, but who managed to make their es
cape to the woods. Six of them arrived in this city a
day or two ago, bringing with them two seceahers w bom
they induced to desert. The day after tho tight our men
who were biding in the woods went back to the house of
the Provost Marshal, within a half mile of the
town, and made the negroes get them a dinner
at the expense of the above official's cuisine,
and on last Sunday morning a few of them
set tire to tho trestle work at Mauchac bridge, within full
sight of tho seceeh pickets. ?'Jeff's" men have been
bunting them ever since the skirmish; but, as yet, with
out succuss.and on Monday the dogs were to be sot on
their track. .As the men have their guns with them the
dogs are more than likely to be converted iuto a savory
dish of sausages.
Captain Thornton was very severely, but not danger
ously, wounded in three place*. A buckshot passed
through his arm, near the shoulder: u Minis ball
passed through bis leg, a little above tne knee,
and another one through bis thigh. None of them,
however, broke any bones, and Dr. Avery thinks
a few weeks will restore liira to his usual
hoaith?a consummation which the gallant CapUiu
devoutly wishes that he may renew his efforts for his
Country Willi increased vigor. The enemy spoke of bis
conduct in the fight in terms of the most enthusiastic
praise
After be had received two wounds be led on his brave
mou to a uespcrate(bayonei charge upon the rebel battery.
until fainting from l'<ss or blood occasioned by the third
wound, be Tell helpless on the field. The scabbard of his
sword was shot through in two places: his hat was cut
and his clotbee riddled by balls 1 doubt If the history
of the war can show a more brilliant example of heroism
than lie furnished. To those who know him ihis will he a
matter of no surprise. It has often been my pleasure to
meution his admirable qualitiee as a soldier and gentle,
man, and 1 kuow that I but echo the opinion or his su
periors in command when 1 pronounce him as courageous
an officer and as true a patriot as any man in this or anv
other de|iartment. Daniel D. Martin, who was brought
to the city with Captain Thornton, behaved with groal
gallantry and was wounded so badly as b> neceasifate am
gelation, which uperation was successfully performed by
I r. A very, and he is now doing finely. The enemy ba'i
buried two of our dead, one of them?Sergeant Snow, of
C<>mpaoy C, Twelfth Maine regiment?died of exhaustion
oonsequent upon the terrible march In the hot sun and
his great exertions ou the battle field. His conduct was
the admiration of all wbo w finessed it.
Lieutenant l'uflbr was much pleased with bis reception
by the famous and "ubiquitous .TeflT. Thompson." and not
a little amused at the eccentricities or the mau. He says
there was little to see. and, being on his parole, bis tongue
is. of course, between bis teeth.
The health of the city continues to be good and im
proving We have passed the yellow fever term, thank
God' and may be considered sale till, at feast, next sum
mer, notwithstanding the impious prognostications of
certain secosh parsons who prophesied that the Lord
would kill off (he Yankees by his scourge, the yellow
fever, last week the number of deaths waslip. thi?
week it is 117, with a stHI declining tendency a small
amount of mortality, unprecedented since New Orleans
attained its present population.
The following stringent order is this morning issued by
General Butler. Let ail those whom it concerns, "road.
mark, learn and inwardly digest
usnkral oansas?so. 16.
bxanqCARTKas, Dkparimcxt or ins Or jr. >
NkwOri kaiis, Sept. 24,1882. j
All persons, male or female, within this department,
of the age of eighteen years and upwards, who have eve:
b'-eu eiuzetis of the I ailed States aud have hot renewed
their allegi-tice before this date to the United States, or
who now hold or pretend any allegiance or sympathy
with the so-called Confederate Statas are ordered to r-?
l>0!t the 1 selves, on or before the 1st day of Uctolier
next, to the nearest provost marshal, with a -lescripthe
list of ull their property and rights of proi>erty.both real,
peisonal and mixed, made out and signed by themselves
respectively, with Ibe s nne particularity as for taxation.
'I bey shall also re;>ori their place of residence by numbsr,
street or other pro)>er description, and their oscupatloii.
w hich registry tliall be signed bv themselves, and eat h
shall receive a certificate from the Marshal of Registra
tion as claiming to be an enemy of the United Slates.
Any |-erson, of those desci ibed in this order, neglecting
so t'> register themselves, shall bu subject to line or im
prisonment at hard labor, or both, and all hi* or her
property confiscated by order as punishment for such
neglect
On the 1st dsv of October next e\ery householder
shall return, to the Provost Marshal nearest Mm. a list of
each inmate of his or her bouse of the age of eighteen
1 oars or upwards, which lisi shall contain the following
particulars ?'The name, sex, age aud occupation <<l each
inmate whether a registered alien, one who has taken
the oath of allegiance to the Uuited States, a registered
enemy of the l ulled Slates, or one who has neglected to
register himself or herself, either an alien, s loyal citizen
or a regt-tered enemy All h'RiSOtonldera neglecting 10
make such returns, or making a false return, (ball be
puiiiabed by Que or Impieonuieut, with hard labor, or
both.
policeman will, within his boat, he held resiionsi
ble that e\ cry lur.eehol er failing to make such return,
within three nays irotn tho let of October, Is reported to
the I'rovuel Maobal.aud five dollars for every such ue
gleet, for every day in which A is not reported, will be
deducted from'such policeman's pav, and he shall be die
mi-'-ed Ai>i alike sum for coavicitou of any boo*e
holder not making h,a or her return shall be paid to the
poltreaian reporting su< b h meebelder.
Every person wbo shall, in good faith, renew bis or her
allegiance to the United Atates previous to the let day
of October next, and shall remain truly Imal.willbo
recomweeded to the President for pardon for hie or ker
previous eflences. By oommand of
Ma or General BUTLK&.
Geo. C. flntosa, Assistant Ad.utant General. Chief of
btafl. '
PrrMHtl UUlli|Uitt.
Profeeior Ilabau, of W?>t Pomt, Mr* Commodore
Wilk*i and fa'iitir.ol Washington (>|iUiu D. J. Kelly
Mul 8. B. Waddell, of tbe United State# Amy, and John
Waun, of gt Ixcjla, nro stopping At the Breroort House.
D. K Gregory, of tbe United Stele* Army. Jnha F.
Cuylor of Waselngton, .Terry Nottingham. of Chicago;
E. Huik ot Boston. H. B. Edward#, or California; David
C. Proctor, of Persia. 111.; J. J.Pamoua, of Auburn, H.
B Bcbofeld, of Philadelphia, and Cbarlos A. I/oae, of Now
York, are Stopping at iho Metropolitan Hotel.
Hev. W D. Wiiaon. of Oenrm, H. Van Alryr.c ?ud
faia.lly.ol BVuyvwaat. W. Hdi.nuld, of Glenn Faltl: Dr
K. C. Clark and wife, of sandy Hill, C. C. IJnlbrook, of
Boston. Ilr. ' P. l ran.:, of Mew Orleans A. H. Kernel, of
Portland. Mo. |i. |,. A^ntvinery, of Pennsylvania. W.
H Brown, of Oiicnfo, and H A Haydnn, of Mlckignu,
an slopping at tbe -t. N. hola# Hotel
Gov. Stanly, of North Carolina;Hon B. F. Rexford and
FTt n W. If <loukey of Norwich, Conn.; Hon. H Morgan
of Aurora, P. 8. Sbeiton and .1. p. WbiUler. of Bnetnn;
G. ?. MeMoutl of, Philadelphia. R Town, of l'elroii. T.
K./A'W and wife,of Maine, C. 11, Adams, or f'okoea; G.
.1. J. Itarjrer, of llonier. J. L Bunre, of Hertford; JAcut
(ol. John MeC.snthe, are! Captun John 8. M<''orrn,of
tbe the Hundred and Mrty .ninth regiment, New York
Toluuiwt-ri, arc stepping at tbe Aator House
Tlie following li a Mil of A me r tear* regtateren at Gun k
O, e Amerlcm Newi ro-.mi, JW Craren street, Htrand,
I/oudOii, England, weok mdiug September ao,JtK)2 ?Hon.'
(uWnsAid llarria. Japan . ft rojlard, in MeKenrie, Hat ry
Miiimnr. T. 8. V? ighan, New York. J, Battel I United
s'etos. f- Bandolpn, Jr.,Trenton, N. J.; K. P M. Tor
tut, Philadelphia. 8. J. W. Sin>tli, Jr , Htnderbo. k,
V y". i iiUer, Parte, J. MoGearv, W. Murrain, Ifc aton,
I l> iJapini iit, l hlladelpbia, J. II. Knight, Pitishnrg,
M I MaftIn, J WbKtaker,8t. Lrnit*, Mo. f,\ If. ffudw ii.
t shory Ma## . T A. Neal, Rnstne J. V Uoo|Hr, Con
jocik-i'I A M crffl g, San >'? i tacn V ? >?tr|dge,
Sew Y ui It, K Ma. ib, J. K. Mai li, NtWJ-is >.
Til WiKlTTKB 01 NATIONAL iFKtllS.
Omr Harbor Dcleactt?lM?etlU(? Steps
Necessary So be Token?A Plan for Mili
tary Organisations Throughout the
City, iM<
The Cbmmtttee on National ANairs ooover ^ ^ ^
Common Council chamber at three o'dor'^
dersiaa 1 \nt cDftV?fo' of consider
teg lbs follow ing reeohVMon fcf A Merman Proment, end
40 use counsel with ',ti# ciiisrnecr New York, many oj;
w h< m bad been ^viled to attend the meeting ?
Resolved, the Committee os National Affairs be
and are herer^ netmeted to eonfer with the military au
tborttlee ar^ ethers, to device a plan for the promotion of
military '/tsaaiiationsis the several wards of the city,
*?d ??a tbey also be isstrneted to isqntre as to the pro
priet^p^f nakifp an appropriation ?f tvo bundled Ihou
A dollar# for the purcbaeedf arms, that we may be
tyepared te protect the llvee sad property of ear eitiaeas
fs any eaaa
asrgencv.
Beewlrs the committee, there were preseat Oeoerel
?ell, Oolonela Tompkins end Lathers, end a few oilizeaa.
Aldermen fikur opened the proceedings fey selling on
Alderman Freaeent to ex plot* the object of end reed bis
resolution.
Aldermen Fkomxjtt saM, in reply, the! the object of bis
resolution was this:?He feed noticed for tbe last year,
end In fact since the outbreak of this outrageous rebellion,
that an excitement had been created In the public mind
in regard to tbe defences of the city ef New York, both
f uiu a land attack as well as an attack oo sea; and from
Inquiry he had tam-ned that little or bo preparation had
feeon made for the defouoo or Oils city. Since the raid
into Penny stvaaia and Maryland the public became
excited acain, and they naturally desired to ascertain
what they bod to protect themselves. When they rejected
a moment on their wealth and tbe number of lives and
properties of their citizens that were at slake, it seemed
to him that the Common Council and authorities of this
city would be dei elict in tbeir duty if the}* did not take
some steps lu put the city in a proper condition for de
fence. Another consideration in offering bis resolution
was this:??Tbe Common Council were getting and expend
tag a very large amount of money in various ways
having reference to this war, and the people thought that
this was placing a very heavy tax upon the community.
Ilis object and purpose, therefore, was to endeavor to got
our citizens there, in order to have an interchange of
opinion. but ho was sorry to say that, with all the effbrts
that bad been made and published in all the newspapers,
and with all 'he personal notices sent to our first citizens,
men with ealtb and property, there woro but Uve or
six gentlemen present. Therefore the responsibility did
not rest on the Committee; for they bad doue their duty
in the matter.
< 'ol. Tompkins, who was present on Invitation, was here
called on by th* Chairman for some advice in the pre
mises. The Colonel made a long speech, in which he
dwelt on our helplessness to properly defend New York
harbor or city now in case of an attack from domestic or
foreign foes. He said that the time would come when the
whole combination of Europe would be against us; but if
we were armed and prepared according to the constitution
and tbe wisb of tbe people, we might defy tbe world.
Hon. f. A. Conklinu said he would respectfully request
Col. Tompkins to instruct that committee as to what
means were necessary in order to provide for the military
instruction of otir citizens. He had been endeavoriug 10
make arrangments in his own ward (tbe Fifteenth) to in
struct several of his neighbors in tne military art. and
be found that a whole body of young men in his ward hud
expressed au earnest desire to acquire this instruction.
But tb< y had no arms. He had been unable to find in the
whole Fifteenth ward a single room that could be used ut
night or in bad weather, when they could not drill out of
doors.
Mr. Hoagland, of the Ninth ward, said they had in his
ward a g ard organized since tbe commencement of our
trouble, and he knew there were hundreds there who
never had a musket in their bands, who were over forty
five years of age, abundantly able to handle a musket and
make it eflecllve if necessary. Now, iu his ward, they
could go through all the facings, wheelings and exercises,
excepting those which required the use of arms. If the
Cbmmon Council would facilitate that matter of arms.it
would be conferring a great blessing on a large mass of
persons.
Colonel Tompkins remarked that whatever was to be
done in that way should be accomplished without any
interference with the prerogative of the State authorities.
Alderman Khomknt disclaimed any idea of interfering
with the Slate or general government in the matter, lie
thought that neither tbe State nor general government
bad put them in that suite of defence they should be In;
and lu tbe absence of that ho thought it was tliefr duty
to try and protect themselves, let him call their atten
tion to the raid that was made into Maryland and Penn
sylvania. What was it tbat called oil Pennsylvania to
furnish fifty thousaud men to protect herself? They
b id furnished already one huudred thousand. The
. tatc of New York had furnished nearly one hundred ami
n ty thousand : and, notwithstanding thai, where was the
evidence that we were to have one thousand of
th-se to protect uS? They bad no evidence of thi?.
and the probability was that they would not have.
That was why he .submitted his lesoluiion If they bad
not arms?if tbe State did not furnish arms, and they did
not expect the general government to do It?he believed
it to he the duty of the city to furnish arms to our citi
zens, in order to prepare themselves in ease of necessity.
They bad been waiting a good many years for a priqie:
ileU-ncc of the harbor, and he presumed they would hav c
to wait a good many years more belore it was done It
was their duty to protect themselves, If the government
did not.
Col. Tompkins spoke of the necessity of looking to the de
fence ol the harbor first, in preference to raising military
organizations in each wurd. Muskets would not resist
seventy-fours lying iu our harbor.
Mr WitxtAMjlAMBiiOt. Jr.,of the Eighteenth ward,sug
gested that, besides arming the citizens of each ward,
they should oJ?> be uniformed.
Cetieral Hall said the Slate was bound by law to fur
msh uniforms, amouutiug to about $16 or $1S per unt
lorm The government was now short of over two hun
dred thousand anus, and lie did not believe that it was
possible for tiieni to procure fifty thousand or tweflly
Are thousand arms from now until net I spring.
Alderman Fajuat said all the Common Council wante 1
to khow was whether or not there was a necessity for
defending the harbor at tbe present time?
Mr. Lauuirji asked Ueueral Hall how many staud of
arras were now in New York.
(lenoral ILux replied there were about four or five
thousand stand of arms belonging to the State here.
Col R. C. I.A1HKR- then addressed the committee in n
forcible manner, urging the grwat necessity of placing the
naibor of New York in an effective position of defeuce.
He said that it would be alm st impossible now to
make an eflectlve resistance ttt the harbor to
twenty thousand men. The great harbor of New York
migla now be taken by a raid of any one of the
rebel boats. If any of those rebel boats came here now.
and levied contributions on us, it would d<> more in de
s troy lug the moral' of the people than might be Imagined.
He believed that if they were without arms it was the
best reason in the world that the guardians of the city
should not leave them in any danger. He was very sorry
tiMi the general government had not been quite so care
ful of our interests as they ought to be. The speaker
having alluded to the danger of a foreign w.ir, and to the
destruction tbat would Inevitably befall the country
should tbo great commercial city of New Yens be over
tiowcred, concluded his remarks, aud the ciminittee ad
journed to Tuesday next at two o'clock.
Dried Apples for the Wounded.
OA THAI. Omi'B, SAWTAHY COMMK-UOK, 1
VMiimrox, Oct. a, iW2. /
The inquiry being frequently made whether lha Com
mutton vvlebea to receive apples for the use of the wound
ed, It should immediately be published, up widely as
l?<snble, tint dried spp.ee cannot be sent to its depots in
too large qi.ai.iit ea Town and village relter sjclettei
are requested to nea te ariaoganients (or paring, cutting
and drying e> tb< ataawbera. ,-iud euch vo.unteer assist
ance aa the; ceo ea tel. end lo noiify farmers that they
will racaive at-cfe g-*?d ri nil aa they may be disposed to
oder and ate ei.atde ibeiaael- or to properly prepare
Dried app.es m./ i>- aeut m barrels or brows or In strong
bags, marked "Te be kept dry." Dried Trults or oilier
U.nd? and ell good canned fruns will be very acceptable.
FRED LAW Ol.MdrKD, General Secretary.
Arrivals sad Departvraa.
ARRIVALS.
Mawsvas. V ('?U R transport Ellen S Terry?Mrs Merrll,
of bow York: John H Wood gale, of .V* Jersey; Washing
I ?n Witter*. 1st officer 1*8 eleauvr Phtauii; t aptaln AIki
Baker, of fsrry boat J Murray; Lieut J no 11 McLeane First
North Carolina Voluutetra: J f Gallo.'pe, Surgeon, Seven
tVeuth Masaacbua?tu; Wm M T'arroti. drigean'. beventeentb
klatsarnntells; Thoa ti Page and Dennis Iray, (Seventeenth
Massachusetts; Jin K Parrta (auller), an t Kdwd O Hull.
Seigesnt. Twenty-third Massachusetts; Henry T k< hioe ter.
Ibraaty.fuurtb Msssaciiu setts; Jno M Knapo, 8ergrant,
(> II liavi-u. inusUtan, Ueo 11 t'ai ter, ditni Ciagin, Geo H
Banner, Tw entv-l.fth Massachusetts Edwd Jonnt, Bergeanl,
Tnenty-aavrnlh Masaat huaeita; Petei M Bull.van. Marine
Artillery
Nr.w Or:B?s??Steamship Marlon?lieorge Woodand lady,
J H Ha ul i n .1 Montgomery M ?? Man-Mi, H McClo*k&y, M
Oernon, M J Pariell. Mrs and ?.sa 8' hepmo.? .1 T Srtien
ii. e s, Mia F Drntiell, Paul Aldtge and lady, Mrs J Aidtge.
Mlseea P and M Aldige tai servant, Cants.n k R Mosoian.
I'SS, Captain Oe.ige K dehenct, V H Terry, Ctyuain E H
Abbot, Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers Mia S J Tyler. Mra
O R M rue, J W Bui bridge and lady, Captai.i Hobwil, Fourth
Wis. on.in volunteers; 8 C fllckey ,tobn llendetson, l.a.o
Wilson. LCaatera end airier, Jules L RiSarl P Mallard,
Captain Y Olsan and lady Mm Jo-epbin* Itreun.n and two
brothers, Mrs Long, J O Haas, W Be twin, n, C Anuree, c
Pi inland. Lieutenant C J Thompson. Sn'h Mtehlgan Voli.n
leers; A Egan. Oliver Perkins, EBP ihoi.p* .n Edward..
Mndiano, T. llaas, Wm II Clarke. Philip dela 1'i.alse, Mi
and Mrs Bhepherd, child and servant: V H M .rahall, Wm
Bi uunar, P (foJdsmlth. laea.- Krtend i apt.. In John I lioatr.
Bevuuty-Ollh New Yurk Volunteers; Mver l'hui?w???and 22
In the steerage, tnclud ng the regimental nand of tue Bisili
Michigan.
Li VABruOL?Steamship Europa. st Boston?Mme Enraliel.
is. Mtea i-ui*> r Ml?? Bai lacht, Mrs Polliiiinaa aau asrvant,
Mrs Hn baids Mi R K Richards and brother, Miss I-' Hill.
tard, Miss Hop.', Mr Hope, Cnl Ward, Mr F Ralliul slid vrlte,
Has Hurt, Duke de Pentblvere, Mona A Pane ' Blstof i*?
nairt ail', servant, Mr A Vega Mis* de i he. re Mr.l Allnm
rill su.l wile. Dr Moses. Capt W P Carter. Cap! C I. L.eiglav,
Capt Win Ginger, two M.sses Ti ambull, Mr^Lkiar. Mrileu
MoL'i.r nnd wire, Mi* Mclorl nn.l a. rvaut, Mr P liuulllut and
son. .Mean* Wbnmoie, Tbos 11 Illy aid O it Thump-on West,
roU. WM Miller. L L Ackulea M.?j-?en tCre.m e.ger Earn
m..an. Hoc p., K 8 IIol lord. J M Owiun, David Aikwy, l|ey
ni'RaoaJ, ?' H Adam., Al< ? Clark, A Mlni-ltO. 8 Lillet, E
Psaror .'r: Chapla, Jr; K- no-ton, J W Whituk, e c A flor
fL ess. J L Ban a. Alii/ and eon. M i i.e.. L'elloi, w.j.. and in
mi; Cs.pl Oao * Carney, Capt W;.de, Mrs (toller, Canlalu
t'.i n.ph. Jl. Messrs W W Bun age, II Osborne. K Bt.omblum,
II Tf rnon. K W ("lurk, Geo h'rint, H P W.dlcoti, Taost herb
ion. Prom Hallf.it; ?Me. sra loley, Doug *-?*, Tohln, p, .tru
*i*,.t Christie 11 IV While B A White, H Ahrfneld, C I' Tlio
itj .a, Mrs MItsl.ell, laur nluforeii and s i vent. Mrs SmlU) .nil
ilA'iabtei, Mrs Havne, Miss Duffing. Total 10.'
A>rin? Ai.i?Me.un.hip Nonfiern Light ?Mis J Dorl row,
(Jan J S Kills, Cspt W ? (Jtesr^ R E, (apt Kttet and wile,
S it'ilosl lei t. J Iwvy. B A Mass. i, Mrs I (,'t.apHa. J M
"'Vest In.lis rpglm>ub(: Xfv V? A D
Wmtiiig, Mr and Mr, L'dig'.Mr A Arnold and child. Car'ai.ia
Wm Sberwrn. Wllnids, Thoiison, J klddnj Messrs llu.Don,
L Msi rl pie, J Walker >)* ? ?nrrj*- ?' AakcW.
8n Saonak?rhlp MgnIK rlie-4|rs h D Chnrlga, child and
e< i?anf
SET288I0H IH TEXAS.
to^dlVioa or tUo Union Men In ?i??
>5int*?- Rented y too Kebel Rrnlo?Spoeobes
of Central Hamilton, Dr. Hltcbcr^j^
Stncral Walbrldft, Mayor Qj^iyk^ 4m.
The Cooper Institute la this city wag ^a^ o*en"?g
crowded in every (?i by a teepeCtab* ^ fubiooable
audience,^ ^ ^ vtewa of fa Honorable Andrew
I'm xson Hamilton, of Texas, "cn the eonditton or tbe Union
men of that State.
Tbe appearance of the grand talon d'audiewt when
fully Illuminated, Waa daaaling and attractive in tbe ex
treme. To pereona who have not within a few months
past, visited the Institute, the complete metamorphosis of
the building, must be as puzzling aa pleasing. All
tbe old doors of entrance and exit have boen
cloead, and tbe wbole front of tbe auditorium
bodily changed from north to west. The platform?and
consequently the speakers?can now bo seen to advan
tage from every point of the hall. Tbe amphitheatre
immediately in front of the platform baa been tastily
enclosed, and devoted entirely to the use of tho reporters.
The improvement in this respect is worthy of all praise,
as in publio places it baa been the general rule to neglect
instead of provide for tha convenience of the reporters
of tha publio press. Instead of tbe old inconvenient
form of olumsy tables, there are now small writing desks
arranged for each reporter.
The bouse was crowded in every part and brilliantly
lighted with jets of gas from each oolumn. There was a
largo number of ladies present, and tbe whole audience
evinced much enthusiasm during the delivery of tbe
address of the orator of the evening.
The meeting was called to order by Genera! Hjram
tVAiJUUSt.a. who said:?Fellow citizens?Tho National
War Committed have assigned to me tne duty of calling to
order tbia vaai,fpatriolic and intelligent assemblage.
Without olbco, without honors, without emoluments,
without patronage, they trace their authority only,in tho
rectitude of their intentions in the imminence of public
danger, and lhay fondly trust In the regard and esteem of
their countrymen. (Applause.) No sane man beitovee
that tbe gigantic rebellion, which fairly shakes the earth
beneath our feet, can ever be quelled in less tho federal
government shall furnish the opportunity for the loyal,
patriotic lTnion meu of tha boulb to demonstrate liieir
valor, their intrepidity, their devotion to the constitution,
tbe Union and the supremacy of law. That constitution
and the government it guarantees sprung from the hearts
of the American people. (Applause.) It was baptized
their blood, and it will be defended by ("
in their blood, and it will be defended by their bamU so
long as treason shall soek to ignore that Hag that has
borne the glories of the American character into every
part of the habitable giobe. (Applause.) 1 tike tbe
liberty, therefore, gentlotnen, of respectfully nominating
as presiding officer upon this occasion our chief magis
trate, the Hon. George Opdyke.
His Honor the Mayor,on taking tho chair, made a few
I utri'jtic and judicious remarks, full of lnyslty and ad
mirably suited to tho occasion. He cl< sod by introducing
tho Hon. Ardrow Jackson Hamilton, of Texas.
Mr. Hamilton, on coming forward, was greeted with
laud and unanimous approbation. He said that he
thanked the people ot New York kiudly for their kindness
to one who, like themselves, felt his heart throbbing
with affection for the history and tho glory
of the government of their fathers. (Applause.)
He apoke of the ambition of the meu who had
undertaken the wild scheme of endeavoring to break up
tho greatest government that had ever been framed by
the wisdom of man. In the courso of bis discourse, bo
ropeated the greatest part of the arguments which he
used on Thursday night last at the Brooklyn Academy of
Music. Mr. Spratt. he said, had declared that that great
Northern statesman, William H. JScward (applause),
never uttered a greater truth than when he said that there
was on irrepressible conflict between freedom and slavery.
His docisionjon this subject was that democracy and a
slave aristocracy cannot exist together. Mr. Spratt's
Idea in his letter to the Hon. Mr. Perkins, of Louisiana,
was, that the only remedy for the inroads of froe de
mocracy was the firm establishment of a strongor gov
eminent, which was only to bo found In a slave aris
tocracy. (Laughter.) The only answer he ever heard
which is worthy of notice, was?" That by tbe time you
get through with Uncle Bain you will think this govern
ment strong enough for common use." (Applause.) The
nextquest'on was, how is the rebellion to he crushed
without any recurrence of the evils now desolating the
laud)1 This wus a question which concerned every one.
and as such it had concerned him also ; and
ha was willing, instead of going against
slavery, to have protected it while it
legally existed; but tho moment in which it was sought to
tear away the Hag of liis fathers with slavery that mo
meDt changed his relations to the institution of slavery
(Applause.) They said he was an abolition sympathiser.
and lie said in reply that they would not only make him
a sympathiser, but an actual and practical abolitionist.
(Loud applause.) He spoke to them of the impossibility
of ever making the new govommont of secession free or
liberal; for then, he urged, they weuld be challenging the
opinions of tho lovers of freedom to stand by the govern
inout of freedetn or against, the opinion of a whole
world. He next alluded to the imixmsibllity of bringing
back the seceded states by concessions or by admissions.
But he felt assured thai ibis very night there w ere thou
sands offering up their sioccre prayers to be readmitted
unconditionally into tbe sacred bonds of (lie Union of
riieir father*. (Applause.) Are these voices to go un
heard) No. He desired to see all responsible traitors
punished; but for the down-trodden and misguided dupes
lie prayed that there would be mercy, and that they
would be brought back to the folds of the Uniou ami tor
given, like the prodigal son. (Tremendous applause.) If
ire cannot conciliate those men, what shall wa do? Is it
possible that history shall ever record that twenty mi!
lions of men bad not the power to cmsh and strangle
treason against the power of fifteen hundred thousand
(Loud cries of "No, never.") He bad no doubt tbatpeaco
propositions would come from the Southern States But
the conditions on which hostilities would cease would be
tar differ?#! .'rota thoiS mni? p#MiC: Us Bout I) wtl
r.ever cease fighting while they can get men or while
I here is a chance of success. Po long as they can get meu
II fill up their armies they will contend with us. Thov
have solemnly pledged themselves to carry out a pro
gramme. which they arc fulfilling every day. If the
North think they on ever live in good neighborhood
with them, then they would be moro deluded than the
|ioor people in tho Sontb. who are led to behave that tho
:.cw government will be a new Jerusalem. No, the war
must be prosecuted. (Applause.) It must be carried on
with bayonet, powder and balls; with guns aud ponder.
with brave hearts anfi strong arms. (Applause.) If sue
here. Tli
ccssfol, secessionists will never stop here. There are
meneien in this city who would, perhaps, find pretexts
for another division of tbe republic. (Cries of " There
would, there would ") There might be meu who would
seek to be tho principal magoate of a city at the expense
or tbe government of Washington. (Cries of "Thor^i
would, there would.") There is safety and hope for tlT
aud our children in the preservation of the government of
our fathers and in the glory ot the flag uow floating oror
New York. (Applause.) We cannot mnke a better or a
nobler government thun that made by our fathers. Will
the sun of Heaven ever again shine upon a government ot
thirty miHioiis of people so happy and so deserving of
bapr>ines?r Never. It has not been the lot of tba tree
Noith to have any of the horrors of insurrection in its
midst. The right of speech and the dignity of manhood
are here under tho protection of a government that ele
vates rathor than depio-ses the masses. Mr Hamilton
next referred to the circumstances under which he left
Texas and the hitter venseaneo which the friendsol slave
ty teok upon him. Death had left the dark shadow of his
wing upon the threshold of his dwelling. The loveliest
and fairest of his household flock had been swept away.
But why should be be allowed to slay aud weep with his
wire over a common misfortune) Su?h a miserable
wretcn had only to flee, and so he was compelled to go.
Hut although absent from home he knew that there were
brave and patriotic Union loving mau there. (Applause.)
Give these p-itrlots a clianre.aud they will yet MtN,
suffer and die for the Union, aud there are enough to re
deem it even now from all Its perils, If the opportunity
be given tliem. (Applause.) Let tho war be prosecuted,
tbeu, until there be not a traitor from Malm-to Mexico.
(Applause.) Allow no man to strut his brier .hour upon
the stage aud preacn treason to any mau. God forbid
that tlie Union should be restored as It was; for, If so,
the little remuant of his life and the budding existence
of his children will depend entirely upon their
views of slavery Ha wished rather that the Uuion
should be preserved under the sole guidance aud
p>wer of tbe constitutional laws of bis oountry.
If he oould noi be again united with bta family except
upon such terms as those proposed by seeesi.onigts, then
bitter ae was the thought, he waa ready to forego every
thing tor his beloved eoiintry. (Load applause.) But If
I bey mean by the restoration of the Union what our fathers
meant it should be, then be was agreeable to it. (Ap
plause.) The fool may read it as be goes?slavery on
the one band, freedom ou the other. (Applause.) All
his friends must some to these views la the long run.
He trusted that what be said would strike a chord among
tho pcoplo. Ho had never been lifted above tha people,
but ratbor bad always been on a level with them. For
tbe rights of bis eon be would fight for freedom, even at
tba exnense of freeing the negroes of all slave owners.
(Applause.) If ever he returned to bis native Plate, be
would ge back as a froe man?free not only
theoretically but practically. (Applause.) He now fully
realised hie freedom; lor there oould be as power greater
eveu than that of the government to oppress bun. Hun
dreda of good men had been bung as felons for loving
liberty and for tbinklug that free people should think and
talk as they pleased. But this waa coming to an end. He
felt assured that victory would ait upou tba banners et
those who go forward for tbe blessed cause of liberty,and
to crush nut tho last rema1ns(of slavery. For himself, he
h id only to say in ooanlusinn. that
He waa yet on freedom's soil,
With freedom s banner streaming o'er him.
(1.1111(1 Applause).
At theeloaeof the address. fJeneral Walbrtdge moved
the following resolution of thnoka:?
R*aolved, That the earneat and cordial tbankaofth#
loyal citir'on or Now York are hereby tendered to (kilo
no I Hamilton for lila olaar, oonrlee and thorough expo
ail ion ot the infamy of the present wicked rebellion, and
that It ia the duty of the federal gevormnent at the earli
est prerticablo moment to furnish aur.h aid to the loyal
Colon men ol the South as will onahle them again to en
joy all the bloi-slut,* of representative Constitutional go
vernment
ProAwor HltolMock eeoonded the resolution of ueneral
Walhrldg". lie aaw he had seldom heard a Southern
speech, and now he hod listened to a Southern slaveholder
who la not a rebel, and that slaveholder turiM out te tie an
abolitionist. (Istuybter.) He urged that the viowaof
ihia loyal .Saithoruer should he the views of the North.
The whole army of the North should go grim wl'b atoel
and bristling with bayoneia all over the Southern terri
tory. And iboa. by theae terrible measures, whlct! must
he leuaehed U|*>n tne dislny.ri south, we would ?ca wb.it
J'lrnvldntice hn been slowly tenehlng ua. Ttio aatanlc
po*?:r which we m ist ciu-h to dual now aita enthroned
on a wi..red alone, curt upllng everything around It. Wi.h
ateel arufitnyouot gleandng through the Und, wo meat
Invoke th# .hammer of Thor to amlta the black podnsta!
o.i which oil * eatenic anamy sow alta a king. (Tremen
dous appl tuad >
After a few r'o.merkg from Mayor Opdyka, e,mid ortoe
for Walbrltlge,
The meeting wok pdjouroed.
QEHER.'Jt EPISCOPAL CONVENTION.
TU" ttnciti?> of the Rebellion Ihtro
4wesd A RcMlattoa Opcaiaf tto D?s
ewiaion LaU on the Tabic?Spirited
Debate, d?.
THIRD DAT.
The Mae ton yesterday morning WM opened with the
customary religious serrices.
The bishops were present, bnt immediately after retired
to their own chamber.
The Pwe-'iosurr celled the Convention to order.
At this stage Bishop Potter appeared. After s brief
stay be repaired to tho Upper House.
On motion, six hundred copies of the list of deputies,
with the standing committees, were ordered to be
printed.
After some other strictly ehurch business, a resolution
with regard to the question of
TKK KKHKLUOR
was introduced by Rev. Mr. Bkumot, of Pennsylvania.
This question had been considered as one to be avoided
by the Convention, and its introduction excited much in
terest.
Tho Rev. Dr. Bauxor evidently had made up his mind
to press the matter upon tho attention of the Convention
He prefaced his remarks by stating that he had corns
from the battle of Antictum, in tho horrors and glories of
which he hod shared. He wasawaro, he said, that tho Con
vention hud tabooed the war and the rebellion as subjects of
discussion, and yet the very treason which had rent the
nation was the treason which had rent tho Church,
and bad left so many States unropreseuted in their midst
at their triennial Convention. But ho wished to give ex
pression to his own looliugs, and ho would oflhr a resolu
tion which, if voted on, would express tho feelings of tho
Church, through the Convention, on tho momentous
question of the rebellion. He asked, as the prevailing ob
ject of tho resolution, the prayers of the Church fur his
native land.
The reverend gentleman then handed up bis resolution,
which was road by (he Secretary, as follows :?
Whereas, it has pleased the Supreme Ruler of the uni
verse to pernutvsedition and privy conspiracy in our
midst to culminate in an extensive rebellion against the
civil power, ordained by linn, and for llie jr.st puuish
mont of our sins, there is war in the land?brother
against brother, son against father: and whereas, a por
lion of tho brethren of our Church have attempted to
sevor by ecclesiastical enactments the visible bond of
Christian sympathy heretofore existing belweon us and
tii-m, thereby grievously rending the body of Christ 111
His Church, and whersas, we acknowledge that there is
no help but from God,and rejoice that we are permitted
to Uv to Him for succor in our soro distress: there:ore
be it
Resolved, That the Ilouso of BisbopB is hereby re
quested to set forth for tho use of this Convention,
during its present session, a special form of prayer?
confessing and bewailing our manifold transgressions?
pleading for God's forgiveness?begging that it may please
Hiin to he the derender and kce|?r 01 our natioual gov
ernment, giving it the victory over all its enemies: that
He * 111 abate their and our pride, assuage their malice,
and confound their devices, and, giving them hotter
minds, forgive them for the evils they have wrought;
that He will restore our national Uuii-n, bring back peace
and prosperity to thelkteand Godly uuity to the church,
and that hs will keep us therein by His perpetual mercy,
to the honor and glory of His name.
Roy. Mr. Doank opposed the consideration of the mo
tion.
General Goddard, of Ohio, moved to lay it on tho table.
A member present reminded the Convention that the
mover of the resolution was a gentleman who bad gone to
tho held ot battle to attend to tho sick and wounded, and
was entitled to the consideration of the House.
Rev. Mr. Doaka also opposed the reception of tho reso
lutton.
There was an evident desire on the part of the mem
bers to take advantage 01 the Introduction of the reso
lution to op< n debate u|<on the subject; but tho motion < f
Mr.Goddard prevailed, and tho question of laying the
preuinble and resolution on the tabic was sustained.
Clerical vote?Yeas 47, nays 17. Laity?Yeas 28, nays
14.
The resolution was thus tabled.
Mr. 3. B. Rcoouts moved to reconsider the vote by
which Mr. Brunot's resolution was laid on tho tabie. His
desire wns to amend it by striking out tho preamble.
Judge CuxmM.iuM eupi>orted the motion, conceiving it
might be simplified, but at the same time retain fuller
force by asking the mercy and watchfulness of the Al
mighty. In this prayer they could all unito for the sake
of tneir distracted country.
Judge Cimkmcrs, of Maryland, was opposed in toto to
any roconsulcratIon of the question by amendment or
otborwiso. Its consideration was calculated to disturb
the harmony of their counsels, and could result in no
practical good. Instead of doing everything in their
power to unite the Church aud all its members at this
time, this resolution wns a firebrand to divide them. He
was opposed to tho introduction of political questions into
their deliberations.
Judge Rndfibld thought the least they said on or med
died with political questiuns the belter. At the same
time he did not favor the motion for laying the resolution
on the table, as such action would furnish capital for
every rajKirter, editor and Journal in the country against
the dearest and best Interests of the Convention.
Mr. Doam insisted on bis non reception motion.
Mr. RuuaLH insisted on his resolution for reconsidera
tion of Rev. Mr. Brunot's molioD, notwithstanding that
his motion had been designated a firebrand thrown into
their midst. He wished the subject discussed and dia
jx'sed or by amendment.
lion. M. Hoffman suggested the amendment of the
motion, so that it may be reconside od at a future day.
He bad voted no on the motion of laying the question on
the tabie. being the only lay member of the New York
delegation. The country they all loved was disturbed by
a civil war; yet their enly mission on b{i:,g presold was
IS legislate for the isUbna of tht Church. No one more
loved that Church than boaid;but those who were former
ly of them and now absent bad not only rcnouuuod their
civil, but ecclesiastical allegiance. These men, row ab
sent from their places In the Convention, had broken tho
great bond of fellowship which had united the whole body
mgeiher. They had not only done this, bnt they had raised
their hands to destroy the fuh-osi .fabric of government
ever rained upon earth, and were now in arms to that
end. No matter what the ettect would be with regard to
their brethren in tho Church, as Godly people, who k>ved
their country and the government under which their
Church had prospered, they were now to express their
tnyiUy lo tlial government, and to exnresq their detesta
tion of the sin of armed rebellion Against it.
Ex Governor Hunt considered the resolution unneces
sary and uncalled for. IV hat was tho necessity for It?
Thelt Church was loyal; ||could not be Imputed to them
y that they were in any sympathy with the rebellion. In
T the beautiful prayers of tbe Church there were supplica
tion." to tho throne of Groco meet und adapted to every
exigency?cvou the exigency of civil war was not over
10 ked. The ( hurch could w oil say with truth that it wnW
not responsible for the rebellion. .She could indeed
exclaim, "Ihsu canst not say 1 did It." It bad been said
that the pros* and the people of tbe country would ex
l?ect some expression from tho Convention with regard
to the war. But that should not move them. The duties
or the Church were not of that character. He hoped
that no subjects calculated to create disunion among the
Convention would be brought up Thevw-ers in tho
midst ot'a civil war. The North and South bad drawn
the sword. If the reparation of these sections was to bo
final; if lbs Union should he divided, and. then, If they
were to have two churches instead of one, Itiso, indeed,
it would be time to introduce such s resolution.
Now- it was impolitic, and bs would imprcMifpon them the
force ot the old nurxtm, which declared that they
should treat their enemies as friends, knowing that at
oue day they might be again their friends.
Rev. Mr. Waish, of Pennsylvania,twos tn favor of re
considering tbe question
Profoesor 8i?rrtrcic, of Massachusetts, was in favor of
f-otno prayers to Cod for peace and forgiveness of shir.
As n native of Massachusetts, be would shod his last drop
of blood for bis country.
JudgeCuammrs, of Maryland, was opposed to the reso
lution ; but be loved his country and tho Union, and to
save it be would proceed on bis knees to the North pole,
11 that were possible.
Rev. Dr. Vinton was in favor of tbe reconsideration of
tbe vote by which the motion had been laid on the table.
Tbe time had arrived when they should protest against
tbe iniquitous course of the South in setting at defiance
the lews and authority of tbe Church and arming them
selves against the true and lawful government of the
country.
At this stage the following message frem the bishope
was received:?
The House of Bis heps Informs tbe House of Clerical and
Lay Deputies that It bee adopted the following reso
lution:?
The House of Bishops, In consideration of tbe recent
afflicted condition ol the country, propose to devote Wed
nesday, the 8th day or October, as a day of fasting, hu
miliation and prayer, and to hold In Trinity church a
solemn service appropriate to the oooasion. The bishops
affectionately request the House of Lay and Clerical De
puttee to Join with them in said observance.
? LKWI8 P. W. BALOH, Secretary.
Dr. Viktor then resumed his remarks In support of the
roconaideratlon 0! tbe gueetton previously negatived.
Hon. Mr. Hoffman then reed the following preamble
and resolution for tho adoption of the House-?
Whereas, a nttraber'of the members of the Protectant
Episcopal nourcb, in the United States of Amor tea, hare
taken up arms to overthrow the lawful government set
over tb'-m, and othera of such members are elding tn
such unlawful rebellion, and
Wboreas, tho members of this church, in the several
States, did. through tho agencies of parishes, assemblies
or conventions, appoint deputies to a general oonvention
in which, in the year 1789, the* adopted aud declared a
constitution for the government of the church.
The leeoliittuue continued binding gentlemen admitted
to holy erders to read e prayer for tho President or the
United Hutee and ell others In civil authority, and te
which the people are bidden to say emeu, and thus to
rooognise the elvil authority to which the members of
the church owe obedience. The resolution proposed that
similar action be taken by the bishops as that proposed
or tbe lower House In the resolution of Mr. Brunot
A vote was then taken ott tho question of reconsidering
it's motion was lost, with
the rote by which Mr Brand?!
the following result:?'Yeae, 16; uays, 22. Bo the matter
wee set aside.
The House concurred in the recommendation or mo
Huuso of Bishops?tn participate In tho eervtcos proposed
In behalf of the country, on the fith Inet., end then
ad tourned
Polls* Intelligent)**
FstOMors A?WI LT AND Batieby.?tarah J. MoCauley,
who 11.1* been an inmate of Bellerue Hospital for the laal
nine months, Appeared at the Seeond District Polloe Court
yestorday, and preferred a charge of felonious assault
and battery against Mary Anne Sand ford. The complain
ant represented lbat she hod been struck on the head
with a flat Iron, frueturing her skull ?nd Injuring her so
severely that her llfo was endangered for a period of aere
ral months. Justice (packer.bush U?ld the sconsed for
examluatton.
MOVEMENTS OF TROOPS*
Arrival of the Twtatx-^cMd (uu#>
llcat Volunteers.
The Twenty-second regiment Connecticut Volunteer*,.
Colonel George 8. Burulium, numbering nearly 1,000 men.
arrived in thie city at six, O'clock yesterday morning, ttjr
steamer front liart'/.,rd. Tlte regiment took breakfast at
the new barra.vfa erected on the Rettery, after which
tbey left for the seat of war, via the New Jersey Central
Railroad. The officers are ae follows:?
y eld and Stqf?Colonel, Gecrgo 8. Huniham; Lieu
to .ant Colonel, E. N. Phelpa; M:t;or, Herman tiioick;
t hap!, iu, Charles C. Adams; Adjutant, Charles A. .few.
ell- Quartern aster. Julius S. Oilman Quartermaster
Sergeant, Horace R- MOrley; < oainiiaaary's Sergeant,.
Dau. <i. Humeiiway; Serv ant Nfaj -r, Charles G. Foster;
Hospital Steward, I'd waru 8. Sykes.
Company A?ra|italn,A. P. Anubnmter; First Lieute
nant, A. D. French: Second Lieutenant,T. H. Thirkle.
Company H-?Captain, John tl Root; First Lieutenant,.
J. K. W illlams; Second Lieutenant, P W. C. Skiiton.
Company C?Captain, L. O. Kiggs; l i st Lieutenant, J.
C. Buggs; Second Lieutenant, H II. Pollard.
Company D?Captain, E. U. 1'? t, first Lieutenant, L
Whiten; SecondLieutenant. F. MeAeliife.
Company K?Captain, Frank Swan; First Lieutenant, E.
B. Preston; Second Lieutenant, B. F'.Reynold!.
Company F?Captain, George Clark; First Lieutenant,
J. W. Anderson; Second Lieutenant, W. Luce.
Company G?Captain, G. W. Johnson;Fir?tlieutenant,,
D. P. Cor kin; Second Lieutenant, T. M. McMaiu.
Ciminny/T?Captain, C. C. sh iitus; First Lieutenant,
W. H Root; Second Lieutenant,!.- springer.
Company I?Captain, Charles \vtaui I scy; First l ieute
nant, A., C. Griswold; Second Liouteuant, L. H. Board
man.
Company K?Captain. B. T. I/tomis; F irst Lieutenant,
E. C. bhohlon; Second Lieutenant, L. Johnson.
Military Movements in New York tut?
Vicinity.
cokcoran's hush LEGION.
The Second regiment of Corcoran's Irish Legion, Lieu
tenant Colouol Mclvor commanding, will be mustered
into the United States service at Camp Scott, S. L, to
day. All the officers of the logiment aro expected to be
present. This regiment expects to get offfir the rent of'
war in the latter pa t of next w?.ek. A grand dress pa?
rade and teview of the entire comma^ will take placo
to morrow (Sunday) at the camp.
A NEW BRIGADE.
The necessary measures for tho recruiting of a brigade^
or the assiguniont of a brigade already raise I, to be under
the command of the Prussian Prince Salm-Salm, aro about
being consummated. Tho-e measures are under the
patronage of Hon. William H. Seward, Secretary of State;
ex-Governor Chase, Secretary of the Treasury; Hun. Hiram
Barney, Collector of the Port of New York; Hon. Ira Har
ris, United States Senator, and Mr. Withaus.of thoGetmait
Benevolent Society. Prince SulnvSaltn is a cousin of the
King of Prussia, and until a year ago was connected with
the Prussian army. He came to this couutry a little over
one year ago. Ho was born on the 26th of December,
182s, and is consequently thirty-lour years of age. As it 18
usual in Germany with b .runel? or princely families for one
or more of tho s' ns to become soldiers, Prince Felix Salon
when of proper age, entered tbe army, and in 1847 he was
a lieutenant in the Prussian Garde de Cuirrasstour?. in
1852 lieutenant iu the Prussian Eleventh regiment 1 lua
gars, and iu 1856 lieutenant in the N intk Prussian Hus*
sars. Iu 1856 ho withdrew from tlip Prussian service,,
and entered tho Austrian artny us lieutenant in the First,
regiment Uhlans. Iu 1856 ho witbdrc w from the service,
and in 1860 he appears on iberotirod list as premier lieu
tenant in the Austrian army. Having it) his military
capacity^particii ated in the battles .ought during tho*
European revolutions, he has seen considerable active
service, and, with his ten or tweiveyc.rs experience, will
prove a great auxiliary to the federal army. On bis ar
rival in this country ho was introduced to Mr. Seward by
tho Prussian Minister at Washington, and subsequently
tbe Pnnco was appointed to command a regiment of
Kentucky cavalry. Soon after entering upon his duties-1
ho discovered to his mortification that his limited know
ledge of tbe English language forbade bitn iu justice
to himself or bis command to continue iu office,
and subsequently he resigned, determined at nice
to apply himself to iiericct his studies in the English*
branches. Whllo doing this be was attached to liujor
General Blenker's stall, and lor nearly one year h is dcnei
tho country good service. At the battle of Cross Keys ho
commanded a brigade, whore, by his skill and personal
courage, he won goldon opinions of his tr .up?. He has in
the meantime acquired a knowledge eg our language, so
ttut he speaks it fluently, and is now In every respect,
qualified lor his new sphere of duties. A brigade under*
tbe command of a soldier like the subject of till*
uotico would achieve honor for our Hag and
couutry, while one under tbe command oft
a political general?too many of whom are t.ow iu our
army?with no military experience or education,,would,
be cut up igtiomiulously, or, in other words, legally mur
dered. it is then for the interest of tho country and the
State to patronize the claims of experienced military
men. In a few days Prince Sal m-Balm will have full
authorization to consolidate any four of the i agimi.-utft>
now raising, in this State for tho war into his.brigwia.
G fonels of legimouts desirous of putting their commands'
under the gnat dtauship of a skilful pcuenii, and to gel to tbe
seat of war without unnecessary delay, would do well to
a idress the Prince, at his resideuce, Maillard's, No. C18t
Broadway, New York.
THE DEAD OFFICERS OF THE IRISH BRIGADE,
the committee appointed to carry out the obsequies of
tho late officers of tbe Irish Brigado:?Captains Kavmiagb
and Joyce, aud Lieut. Lynch, will meet at three o'clock
to day at room No. 20 Astor House on siicciai business
relative to the funernal ceremonies. We understand that
a project is on loot to erect a handsome monument to ui!
the officers of tho brigade who fell in detence of the
Union.
Brooklui City New*.
Th? BWKZX FBAC9 OasR?1The examination in tbe rase
of Captain Cartwrigbt, Lieutenant Lambert and others of
tbe Ironsides regiment, who are charged with bav.ug
perpetrated a serlos of frauds upon tho bounty fund of
Kings county, was resumed yesterday. One of tho con
spirators, namud Harrison, who has slucc turLed State'e
erideuce, thus relates tbe manner in wbicb tbe fraud was
perpetrated:?
Charles H. Harrison, sworn?I reside at N'o. 28 a'huD
street, New York, 1 live with my parents; 1 enlisted un
der tbe name ot Charles Williams; 1 am eighteen years ofi
ago; on Sunday last Chris, sayeis aud Ballard asked nw? ft
1 wished to make two dollars; ho said ho would give me
that ir 1 would (mss tho doctor for him; on Monday we
went dowu to tbe armory; 1 went up to the room: the d>>
fondants, Cartwrigbt mid Ijunbcrt. were there; Lamb*, t
asKod tne my name; I told him Charles Williams; bo tekvdt
mo if that was my real uuns, I told him no, be ai-kod ene
my age; I told btin eighteen; be said that won t do, yon
must be twsnty-oue: Lambert told me it m a sham
uff iir, and that what Huggetl had told me 1 could depend
upon; Cartwriglil w is close by whou Lambert said that,
and must have heard htm; after that we went to be exa
mined by tbe doctor and sworn in; we then came over te>
Krooklyu; on tbe way Cartwrigbt asked asked me if 1 re
membered my name and the nuinbor of the s'reet where ?
1 lived; I said" I did; he told mo not to forget ihutu; after
we got to the office in Brooklyn, Lambert aekud mi the
same questions; we wero sworu iu by one of Uieaupe.vi
Sure; we were aire. I ad in tho otiice: while wo wove U> the
cell Lambert suld Uiero was but one way to get ost of it,
abd ihut was to say that we had Joine I the regiment and
wished to go, and that we had enlisted under false names
and address because our parents wore optieeod to our
going and we did not wish to let them know of it; he said
If wo went Cartwrigbt would be captain, aud would give
us pussos to go where we pleased, and that would be the
last of It.
lite case will be further investigated to day.
Cauorapht?We have been shown ? marvel of minur?>
penmanship, executed by Mr. David Davidson, whose'
previous works in this line have obtained for him premi
ums from different public societies throughout the country- -
It prssonts to the u iked eye simply the appearance of the*
name "James Cordon Bennett," surrounded by "a ,iv Bi
har of ornamental flourishes, tho letters being of the thick
ness of those formed by a m derate ly broad nibbed pes.
In t ho lines ot these letters and nourishes la contained lb*
whole of tbe editorial article on Michael Currun, the par
trlotic carman who subscribed all bia wiving, to the Cor
coran volunteer fund, aud which appeared In tho Hkralo
of the 2#th of August. It requires the aid of a strong
magnifying glass to read it, and it is the more to be ad
mired from the fact that it was written without the aid
even of a common pair of spectacles. We have seen a
copy of the Declaration of lndo|iendence, written by tbe
?ame artist, which is still more remarkable from the
labor and delicacy of execution displayed In It. It is to
be regretted thai the rewards for these ckeft d'tsuer* of
the penman's art are uot commensurate with the Ingeuu
ity and toll bestowed on them.
Coroners* Imqwests.
Fatal Aecmmrr on m Ha mm Raiutoan.? Asol Lurdy ?
a schoolboy, residing in 125th street, near Sixth avenue,
was killed on tbe Harlem Railroad yesterday by falling
from tho platfbrm of one of the down trains while tbe
cars were in inotien. Deceased was passing f rom one , ar
fo another, when he lost his balanoe, and, falling under
the wheels, was almost Instantly killed. The Coroner wa?
notified to hold an inquest.
Dun raoM Lockjaw.?Edward Byrne, s native or Ire
land, aged thirty-five years, died at the New Terk Hospi
tal yeeterdsy from lockjaw, consequent upon Injury of i im
hand received at Webb's shipyard on the 21st ultimo.
Deceased. It appeared, had one of bis fingers smashed by
a bar of Iron falling upon It, but thought nothing of tbe
Injury until within n week or so of bis death, when lock
jaw set in and terminated fhtally, as alPeady stated. CO
roner Rannay held an inquest upon the body.
Drowiuno Casualty.?As Michael Henry, a laborer In
the employment of the Lackawanna Coal Company, was
engaged In eonveytng some ooal from a canal boat at tho
foot of Hubert street yeeterday, the gangplank slipped
and be fell Into the water. Every exertion was made to
save the life of the unfortunate man, but In vain. The
body wee recovered by officer Wheeler, or the Fifth ward,
and Ibe Coroner was untitled to hold aa Inqneat.
Am Unknown Man Focnd Duo.?-Coroner Rannay
bald an Inquest at Bell-true Hospital yesterday upon the
body of aa unknown man abont 60 year* of age, who died
from apoplexy. Deceased wan a tail, muscular man, ap
parently a native of this oouotry. The Coronor ordered
tbe body to be seat te the dead bouse for Identification.
MIIICELLANBOI1S.
MHETTAM ACO'fl QALVANO BLBCTRO MRTALLt(J
Insoles, worn In the boot or shoe, hare b-?n suec**e?
fully tested In numrioue,??#??* of rhlumstlsni, gout, dropsy,
paralysis, nold or blistered feet, rendered unpleasant front
undue respiration. The manufacture. of these ArtlcM* l?
secured by Ameilmn and Bnglleb patents, and they are <W
Ddentiy offered da infallible remedies ler the a cove com
plaints. Sold by druggie is sod shoe dealers ftnerellf.
mRttaM A oTT, Pmprletere, tk ireeJwef.
Call or send for awr-mier.