A slight skirmish occurred yesterday on the line
of the Potomac, between a foraging party of the
Union troops, about three miles from Minor's Hill,
and a band of rebel scouts, consisting of infantr?
and cavalry. Our troops opened a brisk fire
on the rebels, who took shelter in a house'
but a few shells from the batteries on
Minor's Hill drove them out and sent them
scampering along tho Leesburg road.1*One of our
special correspondents, who rode along the lines
yesterday, reports the army in fine condition, ready
for action, but perfectly undisturbed by the
enemy.
The government has come to the determination
{0 open and keep open the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad from Harper's Ferry to Wheeling, and
has detailed General Landor for that service. This
measure will keep communication intact with our
forces in Western Virginia, and is an important
step.
Some of the regiments at Darnestown, Maryland,
?re preparing their winter quarters, erecting
?tables for the horses and excavating cellars for
the protection of their tents.
We learn from the Richmond papers that the
property of Northern men owned in Virginia,
which has been confiscated under tho rebel seques
tration act since the 30th of September, amounts
to $800,000. Among the victims are August Bel.
mont, C. M. Pry & Co.,Mrs. Sigouraey and Francis
Rivos, of this city; Chickering & Co. and William
C. Rives, Jr., of Boston.
Considerable trouble is said to exist among the
leaders of the rebel camp, and the recent military
operations of Generals Floyd and Wise have brought,
these gentlemen into disgrace. The Richmond
Enquirer is particularly severe upon Floyd. It is
reported that John Slidcll, of Louisiana, and ex
Senator Mason, of Virginia, have been appointed by
tho rebel government Commissioners to Paris and
London, and that they have actually taken their
departure in a vessel which ran tho blockade from
some Southern port. This fact would argue that
the Commissioners already in Europe have been
unsuccessful in their mission.
General Fremont was. at last accounts, ready to
utart from Jefferson City in pursuit of the rebel
Price, but was said to be greatly embarrassed for
want of means of transportation. According to
the story of a deserter from General Price's army,
the latter was at Johnstown, Bates county, pushing
on for tho South. He says that the greatest dissatis
faction exists among the rebels, and that many of
them would desert only that their officers have inr
pressed them with the idea that they will be in
evitably hung as traitors if they are caught, and
have terrified them with Btories of the horrible de
predations which the Union troops arc committing
in Missouri.
TI|K NEWS.
A despatch from Washington says a meeting of
railroad officers was held at Washington yesterday
at the Post Office Department, with reference to a
change in the mail arrangements between Jhat city
?od New York. It is proposed to Bend a night
mail from Washington to New York, leaving at six
o'clock and arriving in New York at six o'clock
Che next morning. If possible, such an arrange
ment will be made. It is urgently needed fnr thrfP
prompt transmission of the important correspond
ence which daily passes through tho ofilcc here.
Under the present system many vexatious delays
occur.
The IHario de la Marina of the 24tli Septem
ber, contains some interesting intelligence from
Venezuela. General Taez had been officially called
npon to resign his command of the army into the
hands of the government. The veteran General
at once acceded to the demand, expressing his de
termination at the same time lo leave for a foreign
country as soon as the government would be ready
to liquidate his demands against the public trea
sury. In resigning his command GeneralJ'aez ad
dressed a touching letter to the government, in
whici he expresses the hope that posterity will
judge him justly.
t>ur E;g',ta ecrrc=pon<2cut writs.} us to the
cffect that the cause of Mosquera ?tor making
groat progress In the interior States of New Grana
da. All the political prisoners conlined in the loca|
prisons had been liberated, to the great joy of the
people, and the corresponding festivities wore very
grand and general. The revolution, however, was
still in active progress.
Our special correspondent in Kanagawa, Japan,
writing on the 3d of July, furnishes a very interest
ing and useful letter concerning the position of
affairs in the empire?political, diplomatic and com
mercial. The grand Embassy about to be sent to the
European treaty Powers was in process of organi
zation. Some of tho ladies of Washington, Balti
more, Philadelphia and New York will be very
much surprised to learn from this letter of tho
extraordinary and most unromantic disposition
which "Tommy" has made of their photographs,
autographs, visiting cards and othor gifts which
would bo held as valued mementoes at home.
The tax rate of the State of New York for 18C1
is threo and seven-eighths mills, and the whole
amount to be raised is $5,586,848, for the follow
ing purposes:?Schools, canals, volunteer militia
and general expenses. The Metropolitan Police
District pays the following proportion:?
Valuation 1860. Valuation 1861. Tax.
New York... $550,078,778 571,078,798 3,212,930
Kings 106,295,591 108,295,591 419,645
Westchester... 41,012,725 42,012,715 162,799
Richmond 9,728,402 8,728,402 33,822
Total $707,115,496 730,115,516 2,829,196
The total valuation of the property of the State
in 1860 was $1,419,297,520. This year it is
$1,441,767,430?being an increase of $22,469,910.
The increase In the cities of New York and Brook
lyn alono more than covers the whole amount,
leaving the rest of the State in tho aggregate as i*
was last year. In Westchestcr the increaso is
put down at a million, and in Richmond the valua
tion is one million less than in 1860.
The Governor of Indiana recently sent four thou
sand.overcoats to the troops of that State now in
Western Virginia. Twelve hundred of them
reached the Iudiana soldiers, and tho remainder
somehow got among the Ohio troops, which hap-'
pened to be just what they most needed.
The great Southern commercial or direct trade
Conveutlon waB to have convened yesterday at
Macon, Georgia.
The annual State election was to have com
menced yesterday in South Carolina.
The New York regimont known as^the Tenth
Legion, encamped at Newburg, is full, having over
one thousand men enrolled. They expect to start
for Washington on the 20th inst. Captain Williams,
United States Army, now in command at West
Point, has been elected Lieutenant Colonel.
The confercnce committees of the several Union
organizations met at the Everett House last eve
ning, and agreed npon a judicial ticket. The names
of the candidates nominated will be found else
where.
The Mozart Convention met last evening, and
nominated candidates for Judges, and adjourned
without concluding their county nominations.
The Board of Aldermen met last evening, Alder
man Cornell in the chair. The Irish-American
was designated a Corporation papcf to pub.
lish tho proceedings of the Common Council, &c.
A number of reports on unimportant matters were
read and ordered to stand over. By resolution the
Comptroller is directed to furnish a list of all per
sons employed by him under the ordinances for the
relief of the families of the volunteers, with the
rate of compensation to each. The balance in the
county treasury up to Octobcr 13 amounts to
$831,302 18.
Tho Board of Councilmen held a meeting last
evening. A resolution was adopted directing the
Committee on Fire Department to take into con
sideration the recommendation of the Chief Engi
neer of the Fire Department regarding a uniform
style of fire engines, hose and hook and ladder
companies. Lieutenant Wiukham?who starts to.
day with^i company for tho Ninth regiment, New
York State Militia, now at Darncstown?was de
puted to deliver to the regiment the stand of colors
presented by the Common Council. A resolution
proposing to appropriate $30,000 to the Hebrew
Benevolent Society, for the purpose of construct
ing a Jewish Orphan Asylum, was called up, and
occasioned another exciting debate, resulting in
its reference to the Finance Committee. After the
transaction of a large amount of routine business
the Board adjourned.
In the General Sessions yesterday Lewis Garrett
and George Wilson, indicted for breaking into the
premises of Joseph R. Dickerson, No. 5 Tryon row,
on the 13th of September, pleaded guilty to bur
I glory in the third degree, and were each sent to
the State Prison for five years. James McCannon
pleaded guilty to a violation of the passenger ticket
law, and paid a fine of $150.
The ateamship Delaware, Captain Cannon, left
the Brooklyn Navy Yard yesterday morning with
twenty-four thirty-two pound guns for the Phila
delphia Navy Yard.
According to the City Inspector's report there
were 378 deaths in the city (luring the past week?
a decrease of 20 as compared with tho mortality
of the week previous, and 7 less than occurred
during the corresponding week last year. The ?
recapitulation table gives 8 deaths of alcohol
ism, 78 of diseases of the brain and nerves,
6 of the generative organs, 13 of tho heart
and blood vessels, 95 of the lungs, throat, Ac.;
G of old age, 26 of diseases or the skin and
eruptive fevers, 4 premature birttis, 73 of diseases
of the stomach, bowels and other digestive organs;
40 of uncertain seat and geneml fevers, 9 of dis
eases of the urinary organs, arid 20 from violent
causes. There were 251 natives of the United
States, 11 of England, 86 of' Ireland, 23 of Ger
many, 2 of Scotland, and thf> balance of various
foreign conntries.
| Our exports of breadstuflMto Europe continue to
increase, and yesterday reached the enormous
amount of 332,736 bushels oT grain, and 23,734 bar
rels of flour?the greater Q>art of which goes to
France alone. This is probably a much larger
amount than was over shipped before at this port
in one day.
Tho cotton market was quiet yesterday, but quite
stoa<ly. Tho sales were confined to some 200 bales, ia
nmull lots, on the basis of 21 Xc. a 2fljfc., chlofly at the
latter figure. Flour opened firm, and for some descrip
tion at slightly improved rales, with a good demand
from the trade, while the market closed at about the quo
tations or Saturday. Wheat was steady and ln good re
quest, chlofly for shipment to France, while sales,
both to arrive and on the spot, were freely
made. Corn was about lc. por bushel higher,
with free sales, and In good part for future de
livery, at 68c. a 69c. for good shipping lots of Western
mixed. Pork was firm, mainly on account of the govorn
mont contracts. Tho sales embraced mcM at $14 02X a
?15, and prime at $0 76 a $10. Sugars wore steady, with
sales of 600 a 600 hhds. Cuba at TJfc. a 8J?c. for refining
. and grocer?* gra<l?6, and 19,000 bags Manila on private
terms. * was steady, with salos or 2,000 bag* Rio at
lJ,^C.,ft*t8A do. at lOJfc. Freights were quite steady
with ratner mora offering. Com. to Liverpool, was en!
gaged, in bulk and bags, at ll|,d. a ll&d., and wheat in
bag* at 12jfd., and whoat In bulk, to Loadon.at 13%d
To Havre wheat was freely taken at 26c.,and Hour at95c
The Nkw Yokk Custom IIotsb Appoint
ments.?It Is fortunate at this particular time
that the Colloctor of the New York Custom
House, Mr. Barney, is not a politician, but a
big1! minded gontlemnn, who has a single eye
to the proper performance of the business
Hence in those changes which he has made he
htis merely got rid of political bucks, who were*
inefficient in the discharge of their duties, and
l as replaced them by men of business. Con- ]
sequently the business of the Custom House
never was discharged so satisfactorily. The
Surveyor of the Port is among the ap
I uoiiittoeuU of this character. But there
are Home cases which still demand the at
tention of the Collector, such as the
offices of tho auditor and cashier?offices which
for twenty years huve boon rsanuged by the rod
tape system, and consequently are character
ized by imbecility and inefficiency. Thcso
offices ought to be cleared of their incumbentsi
and men who keep pace with the spirit of tho
age ought to be appointed to fill them. And so
of all other offices in the gift of the Collector;
the drones, whatever may be tho complexion o'
their politics, out to be turned out, and honest'
active men of business, without regard to party'
ought to take their places.
The Prospect Before U??A Series of Deci
sive Battles Clone at Hand.
We have reached tho middle of October, and
yet wo have had no decisive reckoning with
our Southern rebel armies. They still menace
the advanced lines of General McClellan; they
still maintain a desultory warfare with our
troopB in the mountains of Western Virginia;
they still occupy Southwestern Kentucky, and
they still hold us in doubt of the absolute safety
of Missouri; but still the confidence of the loyal
States in tho speedy triumph of our holy cause
is stronger to-day than on any other day since
the bombardment of Fort Sumter.
The confidence of our loyal States in the
government, and their liberality in furnishing
the men and the sinews of war, havo resulted in
putting into tho field a larger body of men in
tho service of the United States, and better
equipped and supplied, than the largest and best
appointed army evor mustered by any single
nation of Europe. That this grand army, in
coi\junction with tho powerful navy which the go
vernment has created since the month of March
last, will very soon administer a succession of
crippling blows upon this monster rebellion, is
also universally expected by our loyal people.
They have the fullest confidence in General Mc
Clellan, in his plans and movements, and in tho
immense and thoroughly appointed army un
der his command. Cautiously approaching the
enemy, and strengthening himself as he goes
against every possible contingency of danger,
he is at length in a position from which at any
moment he may wheel simultaneously in
overwhelming force upon the right or left flank,
or upon both and the centre of Beauregard,
and shell him out of his intrenohmonts. Not
very many days, we suspect, will elapse before
thore will be news from our army of the Poto
mac worthy a general illumination.
Our industrious and energetic McClellan is
not the man to lose his opportunity. The
amount of work which he has achieved in the
organization, equipment and distribution of his
forces is almost incredible. Ready at any time
since the 1st of September to try his strength,
he has for a month past been anxious to receive
the enemy, and now we are assured that he is
ready to march upon him at a moment's warn
ing. Meantime the rebel army of Manassas
has become uneasy and restless, from rumors
and reports of federal naval expeditions ho
vering along tho Southern seaboard, or
mustering in the North for a sweep
I pig descent upon the seaports of the
: rebel States, from North Carolina to Texas.
And it is possible that before he Lb assailed in
front Beauregard may be compelled to look
to his rear, in consequence of some naval
invasion of the insecure domains of King Cot- |
ton. So much in reference to our army of the
Potomac. It is ready, but it is awaiting *ho
signal for decisive action.
With regard to Western Virginia, it will suf
fice for the present that the rebels in that quarter
can do nothing but fall back from the positions,
the forces and combinations of Rosecrans and
his colleagues. Next, as to Kentucky. Her
loyal people, rising in arms, are bravely coming
to the rescue, and these men, with the legions
which Ohio, Indiana and Illinois are sending
across the river to her assistance, promise soon
to expel from Kentucky the insolent rebel In
vaders of her soil. Our apprehensions concern
ing Missouri have been very much lightened by
the apparently hurried retreat of the rebel
Price and his freebooters southward towards
Arkansas on the approach of the Union army
of Fremont. Tho rebel Price has pretty
thoroughly tested the fighting qualities of our
1 Western Union troops, and has learned
the virtue of flying from them unless he can
meet them with vastly overwhelming numbers
Leaving, therefore, the military qualities of
Fremont out of the question, we arc inolincd to
think that his force is sufficiently near that of
the rebels in numbers to keep them moving
till over the boundary of Arkansas, either in- )
tact or broken to pieces.
Hence, from Virginia to Missouri, and from
Ilatteras Inlet to New Orleans, we think our
readers may be excused if thoy anticipate, before
the end of November, a series of decisive battles
in favor of tho Union; because, after carefully
oxainining this vast field of operations by land
and sea, to the extent jf th? before usjve
entertain the"same nope. In fact, considering
the warlike resources of our fixed, powerful and
beneficent government, tho resources of our
twentjr-throe loyal States and our twenty-three
millions of loyal people; considering tho good
credit of our treusury, tho wholesome state of
our finances, our astonishing business prosperi
ty in the midst of this war, our uninterrupted
commerce, our absolute command of the sea,
our powerful navy, our endless means and facili
ties for arming, equipping, clothing and feeding
our troops?considering all these things, in con
trast with the exhausted condition of our block
aded rebellious States, it is extremely difficult
to imagine how this rebellion can be kept upon
its legs to the end of the coming winter, except
through the defeat of the army of McClellan.
But upon this point we have no fear, no mis
givings, not even the shadow of a doubt. Gene
ral McClellan might send away one hundred
thousand men from the Potomac and still defy
the embarrassed army of Beauregard. The sim
ple truth is, that with tho failure of the original
I rebel conspiracy to seize Washington, this
Southern rebellion was a failure. Had Abra
ham Lincoln been assassinated on his way to
Washington, or had his inauguration been pre
vented by a midnight descent upon the oity by
Ben. McCulloch and. Henry A. Wiso, with their
appointed ten thousand men, our Southern
rebel leaders might, perhaps, have achieved a
Parisian coup d'etul equivalent to the destruc
tion of the government of the United States.
But this programme of a French revolutionary
seizure of our capital was discovered in season
to be defeatod; and now, with the struggle en
larged to a deliberate trial of the strength be
tween our loyal and our revolted States, the
arch conspirators in this rebellion may well
tremblo in tbeir shoes. Having sown the wind
they will reap the whirlwind. Recoiling from
Washington, their next rocoil will be from r
scries of crushing defeats.
English Correspondent. Upon American
AAlri.
The letters of the English war correspondents
iore upon our American affairs are, by long
odds tho best specimens of silly twaddle and
blundering ignorance which have recently
conic under our notice. For some time past
they have ceased to be reprinted or read in this
country, except when a Munchausonism huger
than usual attracted attention and laughter;
anil we imagine that they are becoming equally
unnoticed and uncared for in England. Their
absurdities are so apparent that certainly no in
telligent Englishman could be brought to pe
ruso them under any circumstances. Their
news is only a rehash of that of the Now York
papers, and is therefore anticipated, even in
London, by the telegraph and by our files
They are altogether too dull and too badly
written to bo read for amusement. They contain
no instruction, and so we can really see no
etiithly reason either for their composition here
or their publication there. The ways of the
English press, however, are not our ways, and
perhaps the London editors imagine they are
doing a great thing with their special corres
pondence. On this side of the Atlantic we can
not soe it.
Tuke, for instance, the letters of tha hero
f . run and 0,e K"Uant sportsman
of Illinois, L.L. D. Russell, to the London
hmea. Each batch grows duller and duller
and all of tho New York journals have long
ceased to republish the Times' epistles; for the
American public cannot bo induced to read
them, even with the incentive of wishing to
know what other people say of us. When Rus
sell was impertinent, malicious, inventive and
slanderous, he was at least readable. The
general public likes a iie well told, and Russell
pleased them. Now, however, that he attempts
to deal with facts, he is nothing. He cannot
even get the news, and scissorizes the New York
papers like a country editor. His letters are a
patchwork of stale newspaper items, and are
only recognizable as his from the bits of egot
ism with whioh he introduces and connects his
scraps. A popular caricature represents L.L. D
Russell in a state of beer, scribbling capital I's
over a sheet of foolscap. One has only to look
at his letters to the Times to soe how apropos
this sarcasm is. The capital I's seem to have
boen sprinkled over the long, tedious columns
from a pepper box. It is "I" this and "I" that
from beginning to end. "I do not attach any
importance whatever;" "I have reason to be
lieve;" "I speak, of course, metaphorically;'*
"I hear;" "Scarcely, I think;" "I rode
out;' "I staid at home," and so on ad nau
seam, and with frillinge concerning "my
personal knowledgo," and "my personal
movements." If the English public like
that sort of thing they have enough of it for
their money. Our readers demand more news
and less egotism, and thoy get it. Tho fact of
the case seems to be that Russell is now pretty
generally snubbed, and that he has either to
write such trash or not write at all. For the
sake of tho reputation he managed to achieve ?
few yea re ago, he ought to take the dilemma by
the latter horn, and subside.
From the Times' correspondent you may judge
thoso of the other English papers, as Satan is
known by his tail. They are all of the same
sort, and more so. The correspondent of the
Daxly News rehashes our editorials and tele
graphic despatches, and gives as special pieces
o! reliable intelligence the news that "General
McClellan's horse has learned the way to the
camps,' and that Fremont's proclamation "ig
hailed by the farmers of the Northwest with
shouts of approval." Of these two original
items, that in rogard to the horse may be the
more uninteresting, but it certainly has the ad
vantage of being true. The Globe contents
tself with copying the stale letters of the
Times thus making bad worse, and dulncss
duller. The Jlforniiu, Post has a "special"
hero but has no special news. .Tho last epistle
which has reached ua contains the exclu
sive information that President Lincoln
asked the Prince Napoleon how many
brothers the Emperor had! This is certainly
important; and not less so is the anecdote about
Mrs Lincoln's locking Mr. Lincoln out one
night about a year ago, at Springfield, and Mr
Lincoln s kicking at the door. No doubt the
Knglish poople will be greatly edified and in.
structed as to the progress of the civil war by
this correspondent. -Manhattan" writes for
the London Mominr, Herald, and is the fellow
who announced that President Lincoln was in
sane. But even that intelligence was not ori
ginal or now, for the rebel journals gave it pub
licity montlis.ago. In " Manhattan's " last opis
tle wo are informod th$t "General Fremont has
exchanged all his prisoners, thus recognizing
the rebellion," and that " a regiment" of Union
troops revolted at Flushing, Long Island/'
Also that " recruiting in this city (New York)
is at a standstill." Also that Secretary Seward
"snubbed " the Emperor of Russia. Also that
\ve olycct t? the Russians coming over here to
fight, as they would kill the Southerners, and
that we do not want to fight in earnest. We
are also told (September 24) that " the rebel
lion is tho topic of conversation everywhore"(!)
and that " the people have been annoyod at a
President's lady stepping out from her proper
place, mending her husband's stockings and
playing first lady." From the style of this
letter, and from its hints of superseding
Lincoln, we will wager that it ema
nated from the office of the New York
Times. It is pitiable to see so much excellent
material for the columns of a comic paper
thrown away upon a London daily. The Eng
lish folks cannot appreciate its rare and exqui
site humor and enormous lie*. The Mortiit*)
Star has an American corrmppudeat. also,^>ut
he is not half so entertaining "Manhattan.''
On the contrary, he does not attempt to give
any news, except that which age has rendered
excellent, and at the latest dates w as engaged
in writing up the history of old parties, with
addenda of General McClellan'a general orders.
The history and the orders together make up a
very cheerful and invigorating style of letter,
and give, no doubt, a good idea of what we are
doing in this country.
Now, (he above noticcs and extracts are very
fair, not to say flattering, specimens of the lu_
cubrations of the American correspondents of
the English journals. Twaddle and lies, lies
and twaddle, alternate, with extracts from
American newspapers; and even these ex.
tracts are hacked, garbled and misquoted.
When an American newspaper sends
out a correspondent it employs a man who is
acute enough to discover facts, and intelligent
enough to write of them in a readnblo manner.
The English journals ought to take u lesson
from us in this particular, ns in very many
others, and reform their sy tom of American
CoiTC spotidence altogether. The journals tbern
selves and through them the Englfah readers
are mfcled by those ignorant, unprincipled and
silly fellows who call themselves "special cor
respondents," but are really general nuisances.
They ought to bo put down, and tho journals
which employ them ought to attend to the mat
ter at once. Let the English press either rely
upon the American newspapers exclusively for
information of our affairs, or let them send men
here who will neither misrepresent, ignoro nor
belle us.
Bi.iiNKstj Prospeoth, and Faith ok Our Com
miwity in tub F. tukk.?If any one had pre
dicted, three months since, that commercial con
fidence would be restored to its present extent,
and money be as easy as it now is, he would
have been laughed at as a fool. The croakers
had so succeeded in dispiriting the public mind
y thmr ??oomy anticipations that but few en
tertained the expectation that business matter*
would so soon right themselves. And yet here
we are in the seventh month only of one of the
most stupendous civil wars that has ever dis
tracted any country, and what do we witness?
A revival of activity in all the principal
branches of our manufacturing industry, which
prondses soon to placo its general results on a
level with those of last year; an excess already
of $30,000,000 in our grain exports over those
of the corresponding period of 1860, with tho
prospect that by next spring it will nearly
treble that amount; full employment for me
chanics aud operatives of every description, those
who have been displaced from particular call
ings by the first effects of the war finding good
wages in other occupations created by the same
influences; lastly, a plethora of specie, caused
by the large daily expenditure of the govern
ment for war purposes, and by the fact that
while we are exporting more largely than ever
and receiving gold for what we send abroad'
we are retrenching all unnecessary expenses
and importing less than we did at any former
period within the last five years. It follows
naturally from all thia that the alarm and dis
couragement which had seized hold of the pub
lic mind at the beginning of the war are giving
place to feelings of renewed confidence and
hopefulness, and that those who were cutting
down their expenditures In view of the uncer
tainties of the future now feel themselves justi
fied in returning to their former habita, and in
amusing themselves according to their different
tastes.
This revulsion in public feeling has been a
fortunate thing for the artistic aa woll as the
business portion of the community. The former
were the first to feel the depressing influences
of the times; and had they continued as dis
couraging as at the commencement of the war
they must have suffered more severely than
any other class. Not the least convincing evi
dence of the thorough and permanent re
vival of commercial confidence is the im
pulse that has been given to theatrical
and musical affairs. It proves that the commu
nity entertain fall faith in the speedy recon
struction of the Union, and have got beyond
the influence of the alarmists. The managers
have shown themselves prompt to profit by this
welcome state of things. At all the theatres
attractive novelties have signalised the opening
of the fall season, and as soon ne these cease to
draw they are replaced by fresh pieocs, on the
getting up of which considerable sums are ex
pended. The chances of opera for this winter
were until recently but slim; but the coura
geous Ullman, who has a soul bigger than his
body, and who is inexhaustible in resources, has
devised a means by which the musical public of
New York and Brooklyn can, by a very trifling
effort, secure for themselves their favorite
recreation during the winter. The first of
the four benefits by which he proposes
t? raiso the ftands necessary to guarantee
a fresh season of opera will take place on
Thursday next, and there is no doubt that it
will be fhlly and fashionably attended. Every
one seems impressed with the necessity of ren
dering a cordiaHlupport to the director of the
Academy on this occasion, as well to show
people abroad that we do not suffer ourselves
to be cast down by our political troubles as to
insure the continuance of a refined and elevat
ing amusement which has become almost an
indispensable habit with us.
Taking all these facts into account, and com
paring our present position with,what it threat
ened to be a few months since, it must be owned
tfcat we are not very badly off for a people who
are carrying on a colossal war at a cost of a
million and a quarter a day. That we are in
so comparatively easy and prosperous a con
dition is due, next to Providence, to the well
devised and popular financial measures of the
government.
The Arctic Reoions?Whaling Versus Scien
tific Expeditions.?The otbei* day Dr. Hayes and
liia exploring company returned from the Arctic
regions, after an absence from this oountry of a
year and three months. Yesterday we pub
lished in our column of marine news the expe
riences of two whaling vessels in the same lati.
tudes, and which sailed from New Bedford
about the same time that Dr. Hayes' vessel
sailed from Boston. The experiences of the
whalers were as hard an$ as exciting as those
of any of the Arctic exploring"expeditions.
They iv ere frozen in from November till June
in Hudson's Bay, the thermometer during the
winter averaging from thirty-three to forty-five
degrees below zero, and once rencliing the point
of fifty-six degrees. But they got plenty of
whales, and, therefore, bad a prosperous voy
age. After all, these are the sort of expeditions
that effect the most results, either to commerce
or the science of geography. The great discove
ries of the world have been made by merchant
men; and we do not know that our government
could invent a better plan of finding out all
about the Arctic regions than that of stimulating
the love of enterprise of the daring fishermen
of New England.
Movements ok an Enolish Spy and Member
op Parliament.?We noticed about a week
since the arrival at Richmond of a certain Sir
James Ferguson, member of the British Parlia
ment, and bearer of despatches from a rebel
commissioner in Europe to Jefferson Davis
We felt justified, then, from the circumstances
in denouncing him as a spy. We are now the
more strongly convincedW the correctness of
our views from seeing, by the Richmond Dis
patch of the 10th inst., that the same titled indi
vidual has taken his departure from that city,
probably on his return to England, and bearing
despatches from the rebel government. We
shall be much surprised if this man be allowed
by the Executive to travel through the loyal
States on his way to the port of embarkation,
oven though he bo a member of the British Par
liament. No position should shield a spy from
arrest
KnglUlt Editors and Ammlwa IMmfwm*
As steamer after steamer brfegs us our AIM
of English newspapers, we continue to find tbo
same ignorance of the causes, the objects and
the progress of our civil war prevalent among
the English editors. The editorial columns of
most of the English journals are filled just as
they wero months ago?with the most infamous
misrepresentations of the origin and causes of
the war, with statements that tho disruption of
the Union is a fact accomplished, or with de
clarat ionB tending to muke that disruption cer
tain?that this is a war for the abolition of
slavery. Nor are these misstatements made oa
account of any lack of reliable information as to
the true state of affairs hero. Again and again
we have demonstrated that these views of our
condition and of onr policy were mistaken; and
so plainly proven wero our arguments in the
matter that they have never been refuted, end
could only be ignorod. An ignorance so per
sistent and bigoted us that of the English edit
ors has its cause. None are so blind as they
who will not see, and these editors do not un
derstand, because they will not
In his recent speech in Hertfordshire Sir B*
Lytton Bulwer disclosed veryplainly the cloven
foot of the devil who is at the bottom of English
sympathy with the Southern rebellion. Ho
declared emphatically that England would be
afraid of our groat American Union, just as she
now trembles at every movement of united
France, and that she would hail with rejoicing
the disruption of the republic and the creation
of four or five minor unions, too weak to do her
any harm, and not too strong for her to manage
easily. That is to say, England is afraid of the
United States, and if she can divide them it is
her policy to do it. Cover it up as Bulwer
may, by all sorts of fair professions of regard,
it is the policy of a coward, and he tacitly
admits it to be so. Nevertheless, it is the policy
of England, and is not the less characteristic
for being cowardly. The government of Eng
land is a great blusterer and braggart?full of
big words, but with no stomach for a fight?brave
in small cases and with weak opponents, but
trembling and shaking with abject fear when a
Napoleon lays his hand upon his sword hilt.
The English people may be the very opposito
of this, but the English government docs not
represent the English people, nor is it, except
secondarily and after a tedious interval of wire
pulling, at all controlled by them. The peo
ple are brave; but the aristocracy controls the
people; the aristocracy is timid, and it controls
the government; and hence it follows that the
government of England is, and always has been,
cowardly in its policy.
The aristocracy of England has always feared
this country, and its pet scheme has been to de
stroy our government and make our institutions
our ruin. It was a matter of rule or ruin, cer
tainly; for our institutions have been for years
so affecting and moulding those of England that
every day the people were becoming bolder in
their demands, and every day the aristocracy
wa&itecoming less secure in its tenure of power.
Tflp Ifcaven of democracy was leavening the
whdle English monarchical lump, and John
Bright and his party were gradually but surely
gaining tho ascendency. Democracy in Eng
land could not bo annihilated while democracy
here was aiding and abetting it, and continually
refuting the ablest arguments of English aristo
crats by outrivalling their own government in
its beneficent power. So democracy in Ame
rica must fall, and with it would fall demooracy
in England.
The weak spot in our system was the institu
tion of slavery, and to that the English
aristocracy directed its attention. It gave
a factitious importance to cotton, on the one
hand, and thus deluded the South with the idea
that cotton was king, and that King Cotton
could rule better alone. On the other hand,
aided by such minions as our abolition dema
gogues, journalists and lecturers, it urged ths
North Into a crusade against slavery, and at
one time went so far as to demonstrate, through
the Tribune, that tho North would be stronger
and richer without the South. This admirable
scheme worked in different ways, but towards
the same end. The South was urged to separa
tion by motives of self-interest and self-conceit,
and these were strengthened by hatred of aboli
tionism. The North was encouraged to oppose
slavery forcibly, and was told that, if the worst
came to the worst, it would be much better off
without the South. So, backing both parties at
onc^ and leading each to believe that it alone
wasnn the right, and certain of success, the
English aristocracy urged on the light. It was
the old game of getting two men to fight while
a third t<jok all the spoils. The game pnc
I ceeded. Wo came to blows. Immediately the
organs of the aristocracy announced the end
accomplished, and began to chaff John Bright.
Look at your democratic institutions! Is that
the sort of thing you want to try here ?
All this Bulwer tells us in his Hertfordshire
speech; and if we remember that the English
press is the organ of the English aristocracy, we
shall have no difficulty in understanding the
persistent ignorance of the English editors.
The press in England has no real existence
apart from the aristocracy. Its reporters are
not even allowed in Parliament, except by a
legal fiction which declares they are not tl;ere?
because a lattice work screens them from the
view of the honorable members. Almost every
Eoglish newspaper is the organ of Ihis noble
man or that nobleman, or of this or that noble
clique. The newspapers, therefore, represent
aristocratic views; and if any one wishes to
?know the secret of the animosity of the
English press towards this country ho will
find it in the open, avowed hostility of
the English aristocracy, which controls and
directs the English press, and in the scheme for
the disruption of this Union, which the aris
tocracy has long fostered and developed, and )
over the sucoess of which it now triumphantly
exults.
Tho exnltation comes too soon, however. A
coward is always shortsighted, and always
neglects or overlooks something in his plans.
If England had cherished this country, our
strength would have been her strength, and
our success would have insured the per
manency of her institutions for yean
to come. Now, however, thnt she has
thrown down the gauntlet, affairs will take a
different course. She neglected to notioe that
the North is stronger than the South, and that
our battle will not be a drawn one; and thencc
comes her Nemesis. The North will bring the
South bark again into the Union, and then both
parties, North and Houth, will demand the au
thor of this family quarrel, and turn their united
strength to punish her. The English people are
with us now; and as the aristocracy has exulted
so loudly over the supposed failure of democra
cy, so the people will regard a reunion of these

