ABGULAB ADVERTISEMENTS..IB “ " “
Under the heading of “Walks About Town” and “ Bnsl
-8«m World” the same prices will be charged for each in
sertion. For Regular Advertisements and “Special
Notices,” two-thirds of the above prices will be charged
fw the second insertion. Regular advertisements will be
taken by the Quarter at the rate of one dollar a line.
Special Notices by the quarter will be charged at the rate of
sue dollar and twenty-five cents per line. Outs and fancy
disytoj- will be charged extra.
gtoteis anil
S. M. N. —“ Can you assign any
reason for premature grayness T It is asserted that the
want of sulphur or iron in the blood is the immediate
cause, but that different temperaments require different
treatment Be so kind as to Inform me fully on this
point” According to the investigations of chemists the
composition of the hair consists cf a slight portion of ani
mal matter a large quanlty of iron, sulphur, lime, lead,
magnesia and oxygen. The proportion of these sub
stances gives the coloring to the hair. Black hair is co n
posed of about six-eighths iron; dark brown, six-eighths
sulphur ; the flaxen, magnesia is in excess; red, oxygen
predominates; the yellow or beautiful golden hair, is
principally composed of lead ; and gray hair of lime.
Through each hair runs a channel, which bears an abbn
minous fluid, having a close resemblance to oil, which
gives the hair its glossy appearance. This oil, like the
hair, is a secretive of the skin, and is the fluid composr
toon from which the hair is formed. The effect of this oil
wholly depends upon the condition of the secretive skin.
If the skin is perfectly healthy, its secretions and their
compounds cannot be otherwise. Wherever the secre
tions are unhealthy, the effect is manifested by the loss of
the rich glossy appearance which hair free trom detilita
ting influences always possesses. The chemists have
found that the shades of hair which partook largely of
Iron in their composition, blanch earlier in life-than any
other color, because iron is not supplied from atmosphe
ric sources. 'Upon careful examination it is found that
the iron which disappears is superseded by lime ; but
gulphur posseeses an atmospheric attraction which ren
ders dark brown hair exceedingly insensible to the action
of lime, because of its affinity for carbon, which is al
ways mingling with the sulphur in the hair and sustain
ing its vitality. The yellow has very little dron, conse.
Mjnently so susceptible of change as darker colors.
Flaxen, being the magnesia, is not in any manner con
trolled by the action of lime ; but sulphur slightly affects
it by turning it darker as we emerge from childhood, un.
til age consigns it to its original color. The preponder
ance-of lime has never been discovered in youth, but it
invariably exhibits itself as age Increases. We learn by
analytical chemistry that a large quantity of iron is dif
fused throughout the body, that it enters into the com
position of the blood, and in a great majority of cases the
blanching, or turning gray of the hair, -is owing to the
decrease of iron in the blood.
2lary.— “ I was married to my sec
♦nd husband in the year 1840. 1 was then living on the
property of my first husband, which was sold when my
children came of age. One-third was set apart as my life
right, the interest of which I continue to draw, in the
year 18811 came into possession of property left to me
toy my father and sister—which is now invested in real
♦state and bonds and mortgages. I have two children by
any first husband, none by the second. Should I die, what
disposal would be made of my property ? Would my chil
dren (who are my only friends; inherit it, or would my
busband ( who has always abused me) ?” The real and per
sonal property of a wife are as much her sole and sepa
■rate property as if she weie a tingle female. Any mar
ried female may take by inheritance or by gift, grant, de
vise or bequest, from any person other than her husband,
and hold to her sole anu separate use, and convey and de
vise real and personal property, and any interest or es
tate therein, in the same manner and with like effect as if
she we. e unmarried (Rev. Stat., S. N. Y., chap. 8, art. 6.)
The children would inherit the property. Much trouble
And expense to them, however, would be saved, in case of
your sudden demise, by your making your will, and de
vising your property as you wish it distributed, while you
are in good health and of sound mind. The dower, or
Afe interest of a woman, at her decease, reverts to the
heirs of her husband.
Charles — A person who has to work
•leven hours each day has indeed little time left in which
k> improve his mind by study. However, much may be
done by a proper application of that tioae. The study of
Webster’s Dictionary will assist you in gaining a knowl
edge of the spelling pronouncing and meaning of words.
Practice in reading aloud is about all that is necessary to
make you, or any one else acquainted with the preceding
important qualifications, a fair reader. By the study of
Could Brown’s Grammar, you can attain a knowledge of
tfae grammatical construction of the English language.
There are so many popular histories written, many of
which are really excellent, that it win be little trouble
for you to obtain, at a comparatively small sum, a slight
knowledge of the past We would advbo w .tna u«.
his.ory oi the United States as carefully us,possible. Ev
ery citizen should be acquainted with the history of his
own country.
Bqfferer.— Dr. Perry in hia work on
the “Diseases of the Hair” gives the following prescrip
.toon for the eradication of dandruff from the hair! To
four ounces of pulverized Mulberry Root add one pint of
alcohol, diluted with an equal quantity of soft water ; to
one quart of eighty per cent, alcohol, diluted with one
pint of soft water. Place the mixtures in different ves
eels, tightly corked, and let them stand for six or eight
days; after which mix equal parts of each tincture,
which apply freely to the head once in twelve hours. By
persisting in this application, says the doctor, the most
difficult cases can be permanently removed.
T. P. — This correspondent is a mar
ried woman, whose husband enlisted in the Nineteenth
Pennsylvania cavalry. She has heard of him but onoe in
two years. She is anxious to know whether he te still
living. She has written twice to the War Department,
making inquiries, but has received no answer. She now
wishes to learn If the Nineteenth Pennsylvania cavalry
are still inservice ; and if they are. where located. Any
of our readers who may know as to the whereabouts of
this regiment, if still in the service, or, if not when dis
charged, will confer a favor on us by sending us the
desired Information.
Fire Bell—“ In an argument with a
party about the time the Are bells of New York struck the
hours, I held that they struck only at 12 M. and 9 P. M.,
while the other party held that they struck at 3 A. M. and
3P. M., and other hours as well. We are in the Fifteenth
Ward, and I suppose Jefferson Market bell don’t chime
the hours oftener than other bells.” The position which
you took was correct. The fire bells only ring the hours
of 12 M. and 9 P. M., excepting Bundays, when they ring
at 9 A. M. and 9 P. M
1 Gimlis.—“ Will you kindly state in
your paper what is the most common cause of suicide
among men, and what among women ?” Men oftenest
commit suicide from disappointment in business, and
women from disappointment in matters in which their
affections are engaged. The tendency to suicide appears
to be lees frequent in the married state, among men, than
in single life. With women the case is reversed ; the pro
portion is greater of married women who commit suicide
tli an of single women.
17. C. 17 desires to know “ whether
the»e are parties in this city who make’ it a business to
examine wills and conduct business pertaining to will* in
England, and whether they have lists of the names of tes
tators of said wills, which are allowed to be examined for
a compewjation?” We do not know of such party or par
ties, but sc.me of our readers mav have the knowledge
sought.
Many Readers— The correspondent
who wrote to us under the above signature will find the
information asked for in relation to the “Substitute
Fund” on the fifth p.age of our issue of October 29th.
P. J. R.— ‘ Will you please to state
if the Guerrilla Mosby has been dead six months, or ha«
he died since!” The guerrilla Mosby is still alive. He
has taken to practicing law ix Virginia
M. B.— We did not receive the con
tribution »t tlie time TOSSSonta, It .pj-fars In this num.
tor.
PWW BI 1 I BUAWN.
Wm. G.— While sympathizing with
your situation, we cannot undertake to give you advice
in the matter. Not being aware of your capacities, any
advice from us would be simply worthless.
Hrs. J. J. B.— Your contribution is
“ unavailable.”
Regular Union Nominations for the City and
County of Sew York.
At a regular meeting of the Union General Committee,
held at Headquarters, corner of Broadway and Twenty
third street, on Thursday evening. November 3d. the fol
lowing resolutions offered by Mr. Tousey, of the Seventh
District, were unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That this committee points with pride and sat.
isfaction to the candidates placed in nomination in our
city and county by the Union party, and with confidence
appeal to Jhe voters of the metropolis to support these
nominees.
Resolved, That in LEWIS B. WOODRUFF, our candidate
for Justice of the Supreme Court; in HOOPER C. VAN
VOORST and ISAAC DAYTON, our candidates for Judges
of the Superior Court; in JOHN J. TOWNSEND, our can
didate for Judge of the Court of Common Pleas; and in
COLONEL JOHN D. McGREGOR and A. J. D.TTEN*
HOEFLER, our candidates for the Marine Court—the
. people have gentlemen who will impart dignity to the
Bench and add character to the Judiciary of our city, and
we earnestly call on all our voting citizens to give them
their support on Tuesday next
Resohed, That our candidate for Supervisor, ANDREW
BLEAKLEY, is entitled to, and should receive, the hearty
support of all friends of the Union party, and all others
who ttesire an economical administration of our county
affairs.
Resolved, That the candidates for the Senate and Assem
biyof our State Legislature, viz : ’
FOR SENATORS,
Fourth District—COL. MICHAEL W. BURNS,
Fifth District—GlLßEßT C. DEANE,
Sixth District—AßßAHAM LENT,
Seventh District-THOMAS MURPHY,
FOR ASSEMBLY,
District. District.
lst—JKßEMii.n Donovan, 9ih— Henry F. Ranney,
2nd— Thomas Walsh 10th— Samuel G. McGraw,
3rd— Charles Riley, 11th— John V. Gridley,
4th— Lewis Kofi’s, 12th— Augustus O’Neil,
sth— William Hepburn, 13th— Wilson Berryman,
6th— Sidney Smith, 14th— Morris A. Tyng,
7th— Thomas E. Stewart. 15th— Alvin Rose,
Sth— James M. MuCaetis, 16th— Adolf Levinger,
17th District— Charles E. Jenkins,
are men whose private lives and public character com
mend them to the support of all good citizens.
•JAMES KELLY, President.
At a mbsting of the citizens of the
Nineteenth Ward, held at Landman’s Hamilton Park, the
following resolution was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That we congratulate the Union party of the
7th Senatorial 'District upon the nomination of Thomas
Mubfhy for Senator, and we hereby indorse and ratify
the same as one eminently proper. In Mr. Murphy we
recognize -a self made man of unsullied character and
reputation, who has never held nor sought a political
position, asd who, landing upon our snores upward of
thirty years ago a poor emigrant, without a friend to aid
cr assist him, has. by his own indomitable will and perse
verance, not only acquired an education which qualifies
him lor any position in life but has by honest toil arisen
to wealth -and independence—a man who in the days of
his prosperity does not forget those in adversity, but is
ever ready to assist with his purse and to greet with his
smiles<of encouragement nis less fortunate fellow-citizens
of every nationality, who are struggling for a livelihood.
Mr. Murphy has shown by his unlimited acts of generosity
that he is entitled to be called the poor man’s friend and
benelactor; and it is such men as he who should be elect
ed to represent us in our legislative hills and make laws
lor the government and protection of the people, and we
do hereby earnestly call upon every voter of the district,
without distinction of party, to rally to his support.
Resolved, Thai we heaitily respond to the nomination of
Adoit Levinger, Esq., a lawyer by profession, and a man
of iaccrruptible honesty and integrity, as our candidate
for Member of Assc mbly; and while we feel assured that
no better selection couid have been made, and express to
him our gratification at his acceptance of that nomina
tion. we urge upon all citizt-ns of the District who are op
posed to legislative corruption to give to him their undi
vided support
In the Fifth Senatorial District, the
friends of Gilbert C. Deane are earnestly at work with a
good prospect of success. A number of our leading citi
z-ens who feel anxious for the success of the People’s Can
did ate in this District have united in an appeal to the
loyal Union men to concentrate their strength on Deane
in order to defeat Street Commissioner Cornell We give
this Card as we find it published in the daily papers :
To the Electors of the Tenth, Eleventh, Thirteenth and Seven
teenth IVards.
The unders’gned residents of the City of New York,
would urgently request all citizens of Ibe Fifth Senatorial
District, who desire to secure an honest and taEhful rep
resentation in the State Senate, to cast their votefc for
GILBERT C. DEANE, who is the nominee of the loyal
m en of the District.
Mr Deane is a native of the City of New York, a loyal
Union citizen, a friend of the soldiers and sailors who have
achieved our victories, an industrious and honest man,
and will make an able and fearless representative
Give him your votes and efforts, and he will be triumph*
antly elected.
Daniel Drew, Isaac T. Smith,
Andreas Willmann, William Hibbard,
William lucker, Constantine Hau,
Harvey H. Woods, Fred Olmstead,
Geo F. Steinbrenner, Samuel O. Betts,
Col Thos. B. Van Buren, Alex. McLeod,
Arnold Blum Jr., Henry xuchard,
Frederick C. Wagner, Chas H. Bramhall,
Albert Dung, Sr., Simkon Draper,
George Opdyke, Henry H. Wallace,
amos C. Bell, Andrew J. Odell,
James H. Sackett, Waiami Hutchins,
David Miller, John Haywood,
Marx Kelsch, Rufus F. Andrews,
Albert C. Dung, George Odell,
'Gen. Geo W. Palmer, Augustus Weismann,
Spencer Kirby. John H. White,
t3i.vbavr-, JOHH F. CLEVELAND,
Marshall B. Blake, Gen. Chest r A. arthue,
Minthorn Tompkins, Peter Cook,
Thomas B. Asten, Isaac J. Oliver,
Martin Thatcher Benjamin Merbit,
John Commerford, James M. Thomson.
Benj. C. Leveridgk, E. H. Jenny.
Cummins H. Tucker, Charles 8. Spencer,
A.C. Bau, Thomas B. Stillman,
Wiluam> Boardman, Prosper M. Wetmore,
Matthew D. Greene, a. M. Bininger,
Ira O Miller, Thomas Brown,
Joseph Ellery, Hamilton Wade,
George P. Bradford. John Lambrecht,
Frederick McCready, Porter G. Sherman,
M. 8. Dunham, Charles Heard,
Stephen M. Wright, Benj. F. Manierre,
.Robert B Boyd, Daniel Herrick,
Simeon Johnson, Simon Hazelton,
John Lewis. John Harding,
Israel D Walter, Andrew Craft,
Robert Fair, Bernard Schwartz,
And 376 o'hers.
John Bull has a natural antipathy
to an Irishman. It is his weakness. The Fenians just now
are his particular abhorence. One of these fellows we
came across the other day was particularly sarcastic on
tie Union candidate for State Senator in the 7th District
We found him in an English beer shop on Thursday last,
haranging a crowd of his countrymen on the enor
mity of electing Irishmen to office. The nomina
tion of Tom Murphy seemed to have particularly ex
cited the ire of this “loyal subject of ’er Majesty.”
We took some pains to find out who he was, when, lo! and
behold, we found him to be a Democratic office holder
one of the pensioners of the city departments I Consider
ing that the great bulk of the party that was feeding him
are Irishmen, with Fenian sympathies, we could not help
thinking that prudence should have dictated to him the
propriety of keeping his mouth shut. Had he been in a
-crowd of Irishmen he might hare talked in a different
strain.
Thb Marine Court.—The Daily Times
thus alludes to one of the candidates now in the field for
the office of Judge of the Marine Court. Judge Ditten.
hoefer is entitled to and will receive tie hearty support
of the Union party of the city:
Mr. A. j . Dittenhoefer has been putin nomination! by
the Union party by the United Service Society, and by
the Army and Navy League, lor Justice of the Marina
Court to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death ot Jus
tice McCarthy. Two years ago Mr. Dittenhoefer was ten
dered the nomination tor the same office, but he magnan
imously declined it in favor of the latter believing it to
be his duty, while the country was involved In civil war,
to waive bls personal claims, and thereby secure the elec
tion of a capable and patriotic judge. By this act the
whole vote of the Union party was thrown for Mr. McCar
thy, and his election was secured. With proper efforts,
and the vote of the party, Mr Dittenhoefer can now be
elected. He is a young man of more than ordinary ac
quirements and ability, holds a highly respectable position
at the bar, and is every way qualified for the place. The
most respectable members of the bar publicly indorse his
nomination, and appeal to their fellow citizens to support
him And we take pleasure in referring to the communi
cation of Mr. Wm. M Evarts. Daniel 8. Dickinson, E C.
Benedict, Waldo Hutchins, and others, published in an
other column.
The Volunteer Firemen of the city
have not forgotten the disgraceful scene which occurred
in the Senate Chamber last Witter, in which Taomas C.
Fields so seriously prejudiced their case in the eyes of the
country members of the State Legislature. Those of
them who reside in the Seventh Senatorial District open
lydeclaie that they Intend to cast their votes at the
coming election so as to keep him from doing them any
further harm In Albany. The most effectual way tose |
cure his overwhelming defeat is to vote direct for Thom
as Murphy. He will never disgrace the people of the
District, or prevent any class of his constituents from
getting a fair and impartial hearing in matters affecting
their interest*, either in the State Legislature or else-*
where.
NEW YORK. SUNRAY. NOVEMBER 5, 1865.
Union Nominations for State Sena
tor.—The following Union nominations for the State Sen
ate have been made In the districts indicated:
Ist District—N. B. LA BAU.
Ild “ HENRY R. FIBRSON.
Hid “ GEN. PHILIP S. CROC KE.
IVth “ CoL M. W. BURNS.
Vth “ GILBERT C. DEANE.
Vlth “ ABRAHAM LENT.
Tilth “ THOMAS MURPHY.
VHlth “ E. CROSBY.
Kth “ HENRY R. LOW.
Xth “ GEORGE T. PIERCE.
Xlth; “ EDWARD G. WILBUR.
XHth “ JAMES GIBSON.
XHlth “ LORENZO D. COLLINS.
XlVth “ CHARLES STANFORD.
XVth “ ADAM W. KLINE.
XVlth “ MOSES H. PLATT.
XVllth “ ABEL GODDARD.
XVIHth “ JOHN O’DONNELL.
XlXth “ SAMUEL CAMPBELL
XXth “ GEORGE H ANDREWS.
XXlst “ JOHN J. WOLCOTT.
XXIId “ ANDREW D. WHITE.
XXIHd “ JAMES BARNETT.
XXIVth “ EZRA CORNELL.
XXTtfi “ STEPHEN K. WILLIAMS.
XXVIth “ CHARLES J. FOLGER.
XXVnth “ STEPHEN T. HOYT.
XXVIIIth “ THOMAS PARSONS.
XXIXth “ RICHARD CROWLEY.
XXXth “ WOLCOTT J. HUMPHREY.
XXXIst “ GEORGE BENNET.
XXXNd “ WALTER L. SESSIONS.
Danger Ahead !—The cholera is now
sweeping over Europe, leaving death and desolation in Its
track. We dare not hope to escape an early visit from
this dread scourge. Our great city is therefore on the
very brink of a volcano which threatens its destruction,
Cold weather may save ub till Spring. In the
meantime it should be the duty of every citizen who
values his life, to labor to secure such legislation at
Albany as will enable the intelligent and scientific men of
New York to make such preparations as will mitigate the
horrors of a pestilence they cannot entirely prevent. Un
der these circumstances, what is our duty t We hold that
the first thing to be looked after is the election of honest
and intelligent Senators and Assemblymen from the city
In the Seventh Senatorial District the contest lies between
Thomas Murphy, the Union candidate, and Thomas C'
Fields, the candidate of Tammany Hall. Every Union
vote for McLean is one for Fields, while a vote for Murphy
is a vote to save New. York and protect the lives of its
people. Men of New York to the rescue. The question of
life and death is pending in this contest.
What of the City ?—Before the
next number will reach our readers the battle will have
been fought and won—the Union State ticket will have
been triumphantly successiul, and two Senators and a
fair share of Members of the Assembly elected will attest
the fidelity and zeal of the Union men of this city. In
view of this great result we may inquire “ What of tbe
city T Who is to be our next Mayor ?
Already the note of preparation sounds from the vari
ous camps—various truly, as it seems the ever harmonious
Democracy intend to elect two of their candidates to one
office-unless the Union men should fill it for them.
There is much at' stake, and the Tammany leaders know
and feel it. The loss of the Mayoralty presages the de
feat of their Comptroller next year. Now we say how
much to them is Impossible ? Defeat on these two offi
cers is “good-bye” to the power of “the Ring.” Who
ehall they nominate! Who can they nominate! Who
can be elected ? Boss Purdy might be nominated but
•could he be elected ? Ah, there’s the rub! Roole might
be nominated. He was nominated once before, and
what came of it? Fernando Wood—oh, what a fall,
Tammany Hall nominating Fernando Wood—not butthat
■the association is fitting—but who is to be cheated?—
that’s the question.
It appears te us that if “ the Ring” could be Induced to
support Fernando for certain reasons, self preservation
may prove a stronger inducement—and, though doubtful
of their abilily to steer Gunther, yet his availability may
render him the only candidate to unite upon who posess
es the popularity and strength necessary to success. The
German vote is not small, and with a nomination of
O’Gorman or McKean, would be almost irresistible. John
•Kelly was nominated last Fall not because the Ring
could use him, but because they were compelled to use
■his name. The course of the Union party is plain. The
Citizen has already named a candidate. We regret this
as we have hoped that experience would have taught
these political philosophers wisdom. It is only by Union
that the Union party can succeed, axd the victory would
be worthless unless a fit candidate should be presented.
In view of the probable action which Tammany Hall
will be compelled to adopt, a?man strong with the People
must be named, or Mayor Gunther will be re-elected—
and here we may say that while we hope for a Mayor
more satisfactory in his political views, we certainly
trust we may be delivered from one immeasurably worse.
Shall.we say more! Not at present'.
Don’t Be Cheated Out of Your Vote.
—The contest in the 7th Senatorial District is between
Thomas Murphy, the Union candidate, and Tom Fields,
the “ Ring” and Tammany Hall candidate. The friends
of Fields are trying to persuade the independent Demo
crats of the District that George McLean has a chance to
be elected, in order to keep them from voting for Mur
phy, the only candidate they really fear. The voters of
the 12th, 19th, 20th, 21st and 22d Wards, however, fully
understand the nature of the contest, and will vote
accordingly. Those who want to give the present Heads
of Departments a life lease of office, with unlimited power
to tax the people—who want Boole to grow rich in office
while the cholera carries oft our people—will walk up to
the polls and vote tor Tom Fields, the illustrious Senator
who conferred such distinguished honor on <his constitu
ents, last Winter, at Albany; while, on the other hand,
every friend of law and order—every intelligent tax
payer—every citizen who has any respect for public
decency—wil\ vote for Thoma* Murphy. Ike McLean
dedge to elect Fields will not work. It will be a square
fight between the real candidate*. The people can’t b«
cheated in this race.
The Rev. Petroleum Nasby laments
in affecting terms the departure of the Democracy from
its “noble posish” during the war. It don’t allow him
any longer to abuse the nigger, nor pitch into the “boor
ish tailor,” now President, nor denounce the bloody Abo
lition war. He can’t see that it is sticking to ancient
landmarks to ask him to vote for a man on the “Dlmo
kratik ticket who went into the war a Radikle Ablishnist,
and who kum out a Radikler Ablishnist.” And thinks
that “the people is ez stoopid ez ever; but, alas 1 the fact
that we hev failed in everything we hev undertook, for
four years is gettin’ throo the hair uv thousands, and
they look askant at us.”
Every elector should vote six sepa
rate ballots on Tuesday next, as follows :
State,
Judiciary,
Assembly,
Senatorial,
Supervisor,
Bounty Question.
See that every Union man has his full complement of
tickets before he goes to the polls.
Our Taxes—The people of Mew
York are groaning under the enormous taxes put on them
by the corrupt officials who have control of our city gov
ernment. The “Ring,” and Heads of Department are
prodigally spending their ill gotten gains in an effort to
return their paid attornies to the State Legislature, in or
der to perpetuate ihis state of things. Tom Field*, In the
7th Senatorial District, has been put forward as the lead
ing representative of these city robbers and jobbers.
Every rascal of them is working tight and day to secure
his return to the State Senate. The people are, however,
beginning to understand their danger, and from what we
can gather from the upper part of the city, honest men of
all parties are concentrating on Thomas Murphy, the Un
ion candidate, In order to defeat this agent of the city
corruptionists. The fact that Mr. Murphy b a man of un
questioned integrity, is securing fcr him a wide support
outside of the party whose dls*inctlve candidate he is. If
he is elected it will saye millions to our unfortunate tax
payers.
Charles E. Jenkins ia the candidate
of the Union party and the Independent Democrats for
member of Assembly for the Seventeenth District-
Twelfth Ward. Mr. Jenkins is a native of this State, is ■
well-known to the citizens of the District, and enjoys an
enviable reputation for capacity and integrity. He has •
served with marked acceptance as a Judge upon the !
bench of the Supreme Court of one of our sister States,
and by the character of hi* decisions has given evidence
of a superior order of legal ability. It is st Idom that our
citizens have the opportunity to cast their votes for a
gentleman more peculiarly fitted by his adaptation of
mental ability and unblemished honor, to discharge the
responsible duties of legislator with credit to himself and
benefit to his constituents. And if elected, which he un- j
doubtedly will be, he will make his mark on the floor of
the House. We predict for Mr. Jenkins adirilliant career
in the next Legislature.
Mr. William Hepburn is the Union
candidate for the Assembly in the Fifth District. Relying
upon his character and attainments, he has entered the
canvass with great zeal and perseverance, while his nu.
merous friends in the district point with pride to his po
litical and social record. In these days, when integrity
alone should be the political test, such men as Mr. Hep
bum should receive the warm support of all men not ab
solutely forced to vote against him by party dictates, irre
spective of their political affiliations.
amir
The Regisiry.—We are enabled,
through the kindness of the police telegraphers, to pub*
lich the total registery of voters up till 9 o’clock last even
ing, which we give by Wards:
Ward. Ro. Reg. Ward. No Reg.
First 1,626 Twelfth 3,735
Second 316 Thirteenth .3.276
Third 483 Fourteenth 3,168
Fourth 1,907 Fifteenth 2,952
Fifth 1.994 Sixteenth 4,917
Sixth 2,427 Seventeenth 7 768
Seventh 4,147 Eighteenth 5.452
Eighth 3 961 Nineteenth. 4,579
Ninth 5,661 Twentieth 6,6(58
Tenth 2.937 Twenty-first 5,669
Eleventh 6 265 Twenty-second 5,161
Total 8&.0W
Fourth Senatorial District.—The
Union candidate in this district is the brave Col. M. W.
Barns. The M’Keonites, the Citizens’ Association, and the
United Service Society have all nominated him, and
pledged to him their undivided support The Democrats
are running two candidates in the district—Tamany puts
fcrward Carolin O’Bryan Bryant and Mozart nominates
i the silent Ben Wood. The contest lies between Bumsand
Wood. The Citi&en of Saturday says: ‘Go where you will,
Burns and Wocd are alone spoken of as candidates—thus
showing clearly that it is between these two the race
lies.” If k the Unionists and Independent Democrats will
but work hard for their nominee from Monday morning
till Tuesday evenirg, there need be no few of our being
represented in the Senate of this State by a secessionist
se notorious as Mr. Wood. Voters! give a lew hours to
aiding in the success of a brave soldier and an honest
man—Col. Michael W. Burna
Hon. Thomas E. Stewart has been
re-nominated for the Assembly by the Union Convention
of the Seventh Assembly District. His friends had hoped
to be able to make him Senator from the Fourth District,
but a wrinkle in the Convention led to the disappointment
of most of the live-party men of the Ninth and Fifteenth
Wards. Mr. Stewart was’an active, hardworking member
of the last Legislature. No man had more influence than
he, in that body. His action was entirely satisfactory to
his party and to his immediate constituents. Hence, they
have resolved to send him back again. His election is
conceded on all hands. It will only be necessary to go
through the form to settle the queetion.
Sound Democratic Doctrine.—At the
Democratic mass meeting held at the Brooklyn Academy
of Music recently, a Mr. Geo. J. Campbell enunciated the
following sound Democratic doctrine: “Let no man in’
duce you to cut Martin Ealbfleisch or Jerry Fielding, or
any other candidate. They are all good men, and it
would be better to have a Democrat if he wasn’t quite so
good, than the best Republican to be found.” That’s the
right kind of talk for Democrats. Their duty is plainly to
vote for the devil or any other Democrat that receives a
nomination.
Lewis Hofps, the Union candidate
for Assembly in the 4th District, and Sidney Smith from
the 6th, deserve to succeed in the race for Assembly on
Tuesday. They are both working with a will, and their
friends seem to have caught the spirit and enthusiasm of
the candidates. It is a great pity that two such deserving
and[talented young men are not running in more hopeful
districts. As it is we feel satisfied that they will respect
ively do all that can be done in the Egyptian localities
where they are running.
to be a foolish fight
among the Unionists of the Fourteenth Assembly District,
whichl can but result in electing Gideon J. Tucker, the
most ebnoxions Copperhead in the city, to the Assembly,
It is not too late to an ange this matter. Waldo Hutch
ins, Postmaster Kelly, Senator Manierre. E. Delafield
Smith, and ether good Union men ought to step in as um
pires and save tbe District. Gentlemen, by dividing the
Union vote of the District, you become answerable for
the election of Tucker! Are you willing to tak«» that r*.
responsibility!
“ What a fall was there, my Conn
try men I”—John Keegan is out with a card withdrawing
from the canvass ard calling on his friends to vote for
Tom Fields for State Senator I His friend Brooks goes for
McLean, while the rank and file go for Murphy. John
appears to be alone in his glory.
In the Fiist Senatoxial District John
S. Havens has withdrawn in favor of the Hon. Robert
Christie. This reduces the contest to a square fight be
tween Labau, Union, and Christie, Democrat
Alvin Rose—if patriotism and pub
lie spirit have anything to do with the way men vote
will be the next member of Assembly from the Twenty*
first Ward.
Adolf Levinger has the inside track
for the Assembly in the 19th Ward. It is safe to#o your
*€llllx6 “ pile ”on hia election. He will have more major
ity than his opponents will get votes.
SEVENTH SENATORIAL DISTRICT.
The merchants who have done busi
ness with Thomas Murphy, the Union candidate fcr Sena
tor in the Seventh Senatorial District, have published the
following card to the voters of the upper Wards of the
city. This paper tells its own [story. The signers reprt
ent all parties :
The undersigned most cbrdially recomme.id THOMAS
MURPHY to the Electors ot the Seventh Senatorial Dis
tiictfox representative oi the District in the Legislature.
Be is a mei chant of longsianding in the community, in
the name line of business with ourselves, of sterling Integ
rity, and one of our most popular and esteemed citizens.
Having had intimate business relations with him for a
long series of years, vte take great pleasure in teetifying
to his worth as a merchant and a citizen. He is eminently
■worthy of the warmest support of the District.
Dickinson A Hublbut, Nos. 24 and 26 Murray st
A T. Finn ACo , No. 147 Broadway.
L. J. A I. Phillips, Nos 265 and 267 Canal st.
Read Bros. A Co., No. 380 Broadway.
Yaies. Wharton & Co., No: 45 Broadway.
Edward J. King & Bon, No. 46 Broadway.
C. Miles, No. 80 Leonard st
x>. i». CI.AKK a mbvb. mo 330 Broadway.
Andrew Comstock, No. 45 Broadway.
I Geo. C. Treadwbll &Co , ho. 20 Park Place.
i P. W. Vail & Co., No. 51 Broadway.
• Watrous, Boyden & Fay, No. 375 Broadway.
Griswold A Sheldon, No. 19 Mercer st
< jiarles Atwood, Jh . No. 22 Walker st
Whitcomb & Bro.. No. 63 Broadway.
Hoovir, Bione& Co., No 377 Broaoway.
Jno. Phillips, No. 39 Broadway.
Jno. C. Lord & Bho., No. 36 Broadway.
N. A. Baldwin, No. 263 Canal st.
Obrin Benedict, No. 257 Canal st.
Collins A Linisley, No. 17 Murray st
S hethar, Lacey & Co., No 25 Mercer st
Geo. I. Sanger, No. 25 Mercer st
D. H. Lawrence, No. 25 Park Place.
H. Schlesinger, Mo. 50 Broadway.
Henry Molten, No 63 Broadway.
Thos. W. Coughlin, No. 412 Broadway.
Robert Wh te No. 43 Broadway.
B. Meyberg. No. 45 Broadway.
Julius Einstein, No, 50 Broaaway.
J. O. Hoffman. No. 51 Broadway
Samuel J. Jacobs, No. 53 Broadway.
W. J. Anderson, No 263 Canal st.
G. G. Butler, No. 348 West f hlrty-fifth st
Edwin W. Ryerson, No. 47 West Twenty-ninth st.
F. Hogeboon, No. 49 East Seventy-third st
Men of New Yobe ! the time has
come when you must either acknowledge yourselves the
slaves and vassals of the corrupt “Rings” that now con
trol our City Government, or prove, by your acta, that
you are capable of self-government and worthy of its
blessings. It is In your power to hurl from power every
obnoxious office holder, and to fill his place with an
honest citizen. Will you do it! If so, let your answer be
felt and heard through the ballot box on Tuesday next.
The mighty tramp of an indignant people should make
Manhattan Island tremble from oue end to the other
on that day. Every rough who has insulted and out
raged the people should be sent reeling Into
everlasting obscurity. It can be done. All that is
necessary to secure this result, is for the people to
concentrate their strength and unite their votes for hon
est and upright men for the offices to be filled in Novem
ber. We are glad to perceive that the honest masses in
the Seventh Senatorial District are alive to the import
ance of making a united effort to elect an upright and
Incorruptible Senator. Men of all parties in the five
upper Wards are combining to secure the triumphant
election of Thomas Murph/ as a representative of the
honest vote or mat District. Unless the signs of the times
are woefully at fault, this movement will be triumphantly
successful. What can be done in the Seventh Senator!®!
District ought to be done in the whole city. Is not the
prize worth the effort it will cost!
Many of our bo st citizens—those
most deeply Interested in the welfare of our city—too.
often neglect the highest duty they owe to society, by
failing to vote at cur elections. When citizen* of the high
character of Thomas Murfhy, at tho urgent solicitation of
their fellow citizens, accept nomination* for Legislative
positions, every good citizen should go to the pollsand
work for their election. We want this class of men to
represent New York city at Albany in this hour of peril.
It is only by a concentrated effort of our taxpayers that
we can hope for a reform of the abuses that now threaten
to overwhelm us. So long aa the better class cf our peo
ple neglect this Important duty, the tax-eaters and ruf
fian* must remain in power. To allow such candidates as
Thomas Murphy to be defeated by the apathy of those
most deeply interested in good government, is to deter
good men, lor all time, from allowing their name* to be
used. In this way we give the city over to the undia
turbed possession of the thieves and rowdies who have so
long ruled and robbed us. Think of this, merchants and
business men of the Seventh Senatorial District, and do
your whole duty on Tuesday next A united eflorton the
part of the friends of Reform will make Thomas Murphy
the next State Senator from that District The election
f an honest, upright and intelligent citizen ought to be a
sufficient inducement to call out the full vote of the Dis.
trict
As the Election approaches, it be
comes every voter to know well what constitutes duty and
action. Know your men—the candidates—know them
well. Look into their antecedents, and weigh well the
responsibility about to be vested in them. You want good
and honest men to represent your interests in the Legisla
tive councils—those who will dethrone corruption and
throw knavery over board. The S tate of New York has had
too much of it already, and now it is full time to awake
to a sense of justice on the part of a tax paying communi
ty. Among the many nominations made, that of Thomas
Murphy stands forth in shining character, like gold, fresh
from the mint He has been nominated for State Senator,
and a more honest, upright man does not exist The Sav
bnth District, comprising the 12th, 19th, 20th, 21st and
22d Wards of our city, have done honor to Thomas Mur
phy, and he must be elected. Let the voters of the Sev
enth District stand by Thomas Murphy on the 7th of No
vember, and victory will be sure to crown their efforts.
Thomas Murphy, the Union candi
date for State Senator in the 7th District, respectfully de
clines having anything to do with the dirty personalities
that too often ditgrace a political canvass. One of his
friends the other day sent him a letter giving him some
ugly items about one of the rival candidates. Mr. Mur
phy promptly wrote bacK: “While I am obliged to you
for the kind interest you take in my success as a candi
date for the office of State Senator, I must nevertheless
differ with you as to the course you suggest of assailing
my opponents. I can have nothing to do with personali
ties. Ido not seek the office, and am perfectly willing to
leave the whole question in the hands of my fellow-citi
zens. If it is their will that I should represent them they
will say so at the polls, if not, I will be equally satisfied.
But I must come out of the contest feeling that I have
done nothing inconsistent with the character I have al
ways labored to maintain among gentlemen.”
A Mean Thick. —A circular has been
sent to many prominent members of the Protestant
churches of the Seventh Senatorial District, appealing to
them not to vote for Thomas Murphy, the Union candi
date for Senator in that district, on the ground that he is
“a member of the Roman Catholic Church!” The man
who got up that circular would steal a sheep. We had
supposed that the race of politicians who made war on
candidates for office on the ground of their religion was
extinct in this part of the world. It appears that we
were mistaken. All we have to say to the candidate who
got up this mean attempt to drag a man’s religion into
the arena of politics is : Much good may it do him.
Workingmen I by voting for Thom
as Murphy for Senator of the Seventh District, you pay
a just tribute to honest toil. Like yourselves, when Tom
Murphy started in life, his only capital was a clear intel
lect, and his strong arms—the gift of his Maker. By per
severance and prudence he amassed wealth. While oth
ers were idle, he was storing his mind with knowledge
which now enables him to take his place among the fore
most men of his adopted country. The same career M
open to every son of toll. In elevating him to the State
Senate by your votes, you do honor to yourselves as well
as to him.
The Firemen who live in the Seventh
Senatorial District are actively supporting the cause of
Thomas Murphy for Senator in the Seventh District
Some of the strongest Democrats among them are out for
him openly. Indeed, from what we can gather, Mr.
Murphy will get a very large vote outside of the political
party whose distinctive candidate he is, The people have
confidence in his ability and integrity and they regard it
as a piece of good fortune to be able to secure such a man
to represent them at Albany.
Our Taxes. —New York is groaning
over the weight of the taxation put on its people by the
extravagance ana corruption of the Heads of Depart
ments and their political partisans. It is quite natural
that these office holders should be anxious to secure the
election of Senators and Assemblymen favorable to the
perpetuation of this state of things. The people, how.
ever, are interested in breaking up this whole system,
root and branch. To make sure work of it, they propose
to elect such men as Thomas Murphy to represent them
in the State Legislature.
Friends of Sanitary Reform, look to
your Senators and Assemblymen. On your representa
tives to the next Legislature will devolve the duty of pass,
ing such laws as will protect tur city from desolation dur.
ing the coming Summer. Thomas Murphy, the Union can
didate for Senator in the 7th District, will do his whole duty
if elected. Bence he will be supported by every citizen
who realizes the importance of the question at issue. The
friends of sanitary reform should see that no man is elect
ed this year whose position is doubtful on this all-impor
tant matter.
Fernando Wood is working like a
beaver for Tom Fields for State Senator In the upper
Wards of the city. The leaders of Mozart and Tammany
are as loving as turtle doves in the Seventh Senatorial
District. They have fixed everything to suit themselves.
But they seem to forget that the people have something
to say on this subject That great tribunal has decreed
that Thomas Murphy is to be the next Senator from that
district
Friends of Thomas Murphy and City
Reform are your names Registered? Let every friend of
good government whoresides in the Seventh Senatorial
District see to it that his name is duly Registered so that
he may be able to vote for Thomas Murphy, for Senator,
on Tuesday next. It is also important to see that every
name is erased that does not belong on the Registry.
Vigilance will be sure to result in victory.
Millions of dollars would be saved
to the taxpayers of New York, if we could send four State
Senators to Alnany of the character of Thomas Murphy,
to say nothing of the other benefits that would result from
having only that class of representatives at the State Capi
tal. The business men of the Seventh Senatorial District
seem to be alive to their own interests in thisjnatter.
They are working with a will to secure Murphy’s election.
Every Union man who casts a vote
i for McLean, in the Seventh Senatorial District, indirectly
helps Fields. Our friends generally are beginning to real
ize that Thomas Murphy can be elected, and we feel
quite confident that the Union men of the District will not
be cheated out of thtir votes, by beirg led to go for any
candidate, when they have such a man as Murphy as
| their standard bearer.
The physicians are taking an active
part in aiding the election of Thomas Murphy as the next
State Senator fiom the Seventh Senatorial District They
Appreciate the necessity of having an honest and intelli
gent representative to grapple with the grave and serious
.questions that will come before that body during ths
coming Winter. Hence we are not surprised at the zeal
and activity they manifest in this canvass.
Vote Early !—Every friend of Thomas
Murphy and honest legislation will be sure to vote before
he goes to his place of business on Tuesday next. Intel
ligent citizens will not only discharge this duty for them
selves, but, so far as they are able, will see that their
neighbors are brought out also. A full Union vote will give
Thomas Murphy from one to two thousand majority in
the District
“The States are older than the Fed
eral Government. They framed, fashioned,
and made it,” says the Hon. a. J. Rogers, of
New Jersey. Not a very good reason why
they should be allowed to destroy it. The
father is older than the child ; but we have
yet to hear any one defend his right to kill it
after he has brought it into the world. Mr.
Rogers’ style of argument would be appreci
ated on the banks of the Ganges, but will not
be on the banks of the Hudson.
■
Important Action of our Supervisors.
—We beg to call the attention of the voters
of New York to the action of the Board of Su
pervisors at a meeting held yesterday. The
appeal they make to the people of New York
is worthy of the gravest considerations. Read
their resolutions, and decide what is your
duty. For ourselves, we shall vote the ticket
recommended by the Supervisors, and trust
that our citizens generally will do likewise.
Stick to your Nominations. —The
“State Central Committee” wisely resolve,
and the resolution should be enforced by cor
responding action, that the candidates for
Senate and Assembly who have received regu
lar Union nominations ought to be supported
by every vote of the Union organization. We do
not set up our candidates to be shot at without
support. Let all good Union voters sustain
their own nominations at the ballot box.
OWO. M fl BAWORT ST.
and
The antiquarians are terrible fellows.
They are continually stirring up the bones of the
dead past, and dragging forth from their quiet
resting places facts that completely “ lay out”
some of our most cherished behefs. A party of
them have been at work in France upon Joan of
Arc. Everybody has taken for granted the sto
ries told of Joan’s heroic soldiership, and the
brutality of the English in burning her at the
stake. Who has not rejoiced at her victories and
wept over her misfortunes, as described in the
pages of Shakspere, Schiller, Dumas and Sou
they ? Now how will the sympathetic like to be
informed that they have been bewailing woes
that never were suffered? Yet so it is, if the an
tiquarians may receive credit. They state that
the heroic maiden was not burned at the stake
at all, but was married, had children, and died
calmly at an advanced ag® in the quiet little town
of Metz, where she was entombed.
Ikmense bones have been found in
Adams county, Miss., which learned osteologists
declare must have belonged to a giant thirty feet
high. The bones are supposed to have belonged
to one of the redoubted Confederates whe were
declared to be able to vanquish five Yankees.
It is generally imagined that they all died about
the opening of hostilites, as our boys never met
them on the battle-field.
A baby about four weeks old was
found on a door step in Waterport, Conn., re.
cently. The following directions were found
pinned to the child’s clothing : “ Give him cow’s
milk, one-half water, and a teaspoonful of brandy
to one gill of food.” A bottle of brandy, a quan
tity of medicine, and a pail of sugar was left with
this youngster in his first step of life.
A queer chap has turned up in Roch
ester. His name is C. D. Saunders. He hasn’t
slept in fourteen years. He has worked on a
farm at times for forty days and nights on a
stretch without fatigue. He was in the army,
and never suffered the least inconvenience from
long marches, in fact, rather preferred going on
a little trip of four or five hundred miles.
A new process of photographing on
wood has been patented, which, Punch says,
is found to be specially adapted to all blockheads
and the members of different Boards. Persons
who are plain, however, object to this new style
of portraiture for fear that they might, should
the wood be in the leest ill-grained, come out a
deal plainer.
A calamity has overtaken the Chica
go grain speculators. The enormous amount of
grain in store there has already materially depre
ciated from heating, and something like a plague
threatens to destroy the entire batch. If it were
the “ rogues in grain” that were threatened with
the plague we could hear ef the calamity with
the utmost equanimity.
The Boston Bee has the following
polite rebuke of snoring in church: “ Deacon
is requested not to commence snoring in
church to-morrow morning until after the com
mencement of the sermon, as several of the con
gregation are anxious to hear the text.”
In the Island of Jersey, Great Brit #
ain, a peculiar explosive compound has been in
vented that may be carried about the person,
and be held ready to explode at the shrotest no
tice. It is appropriately named, “ Every man
his own bomb-shell.”
A man in Cincinnati adopted an
original way of reducing household expenses.
One morning when he knew his wife would see
him, he kissed the servant girl. The household
expenses were instantly reduced sl2 per month.
A man in London has patented an il
luminated hat to protect the wearer from being
run over by cabs at night. The only drawback
about this patent is its tendency to make the
wearer light-headed.
Those in want of help and those
who want to belt those in need of it, can let
their wants be known, in the Daily News, No.
19 Chatham street, for twenty-five cents.
A piece of flannel shirt was taken
from the lungs of a man in Portland last week,
where it had been driven by a bullet at the sec
ond battle of Bull Bun.
Not a single person, it is stated, has
been killed by a railroad accident in the German
States since the origin of that mode of traveling.
Poor country that for coroners and undertakers.
Bath, Me., is exulting over a beet
that weighs ten pounds. New York don’t exult
although she possesses any number of “ beats”
that weigh over one hundred and fifty pounds.
A sweet potatoe was raised in Day
ton, Ohio, which subsisted family of ten chil
dren for six weeks, and the peeling is now being
I used as a bed-quilt, says an exchange.
Mr. J. William Van Nambe has con
nected himself editorially with the Daily Era,
The Shamocracy hope to elect John
Van Buren to the office of Attorney-General.
In order to show his qualifications, the politi
cal mountebank pronounces Seymour J“ a d—d
fool,” and the present Secretary of State “ a
liar.” Noble language, this, from a man as
piring to control the legal port folio of the
Empire State. Seymour’s “ friends will all
vote for John, and Ben Wood. Union men
will support General Martindale instead.
Stick to the Nominees.—Let Union
voters cast no ballot for outside party candi
dates. A vote for any other than a nominee
of the Union party is equivalent to a vote for
the Democratic ticket. Every vote counts.
Be united. Throw the whole strength of the
party for your own candidates, and this city
will be saved from the disgrace of sending un
worthy men to represent us in the Legislature.
Improvement in the dwelling-houses
of our workingmen! Homes for poor people,
as well as rich! Health and cleanliness to
our city ! Down with fraudulent contracts for
pretended street-cleaning! These should be
watchwords on election day. Look to the
ballot-boxes!
General Logan hit hard when he
said that a traitor was an outspoken copper
head, a cowardly traitor. Logan is a Union
Democrat who stands by his country on all
occasions.
An energetic, faithful police force in
every polling district of our city will insure
the safety of voters and the accuracy of re
turns. Look to the ballot-boxes.
We shall elect two Senators, without
doubt; Lent and Murphy ; and the chances of 1
Deane are growing brighter every hour. Look
to the ballot boxes.
NUMBEE 52
[ Written tor the New York DtepUch.]
HOW DEAR 18 HOME.
By Matilda Burton.
Net when ambition
Lares us away,
Aj&d worldly pleasures
Tempt us to stray;
But when joys leave us
Weeping alone—
In hours of sadness
How dear is tome I
Scenes of the gay world
No Unger cheer,
When hearts grow heavy
With grief and fear;
And we feel weary
Where’er we roam,
Till with our dear ogee
Wo rest at tome.
Dea* forms and faces
Come back again,
Bringing sweet comfort
In their bright train;
Then, with hands clasping
Fondly our own,
Axd hearts to love us,
How dear is tome 1
SHIRAj
OR,
THE GIPSY HEIRESS,
CHAPTER LXI.
SAFE AT LAST.
Poor Catterina was carried into an innec
room, and cordials employed to restore her to
consciousness. The young blood soon returned
to her cheeks and lips.
“Poor child!” whispered Gaston; “yoa
are safe now. Can you bear to leave in a
fiacre ?’ ’
“ Anywhere with you, monsieur ; yon are so
good,”
“ Poor child!”
One of the workmen ran for a ciladine. Gas
ton rewarded him and the others amply ; then,
giving Catterina his arm, he supported her to
the venicle, which he directed to drive through
a back street.
They were no sooner fairly off than lie burst
' into a "merry, heartfelt laugh, so buoyant was
, his character.
, ‘‘l wonder,” he said, “ whether Claboussier
has overtaken the carriage yet, and what he
1 will say when he does ? And I wonder how he
1 found out the trick; and where’s Groue?”
1 Even Catterina smiled at his hilarity.
“ So you will trust yourself freely to me,
. after all ?” ne asked, gently.
“Oh, yes! anywhere, monsieur.”
1 “ She is good and pure, I’ll bet my life on
1 it,” bethought; adding, aloud, “ Yoh may,
Catterina, even where I must take you now ;
• and that is to my own apartments. I dare not
go to Lady Farandale’s. She must come to
me and fetch you.”
A few back streets, a few turnings and wind
■ Ings, and then the fiacre stopped in the Cite
, d’Autin.
. “ Can you walk a little way, Catterina ?”
“ Oh, yes, monsieur !”
“ Then take my arm. Let us hasten.”
The fiacre was dismissed, and the only person
i Gaston met on the back stairs of his house, as
he led Catterina in, was the cook coming down
’ in his official paper cap.
“Sit down fearlessly, my poor child," said!
Gaston, himself taking off Catterina’s bonnet
and shawl. “ I will write at once to the vis
. countess. I dare not leave you to go my
, self.”
“Oh ! no, no ! Don’t leave me, Monsieur
' Gaston!” and the small brown hands seized!
1 his imploringly.
Gaston re- assured her, and then, not to em
, barrass her by looking too earnestly in that
sweet, plaintive face, he turned to the glass and
1 gazed at his own features.
“ Well,” he laughed, running his fingers
through his hair, “ my night's work has made
a pretty looking bravo of me! I wonder what
the viscountess would say if she saw me. By
> the way, I must write a line at once, to bid her
come and seek you !”
This line was soon penned and dispatched,
with strict orders to the bearer only to give
' the letter into Lady Farandale’s own hands.
Then Gaston sat down and coaxed Catterina
to take a cup of coffee, which brought back a
little warmth to her chilled and unnerved
frame.
' There is something pleasant »n the neigh
borhood of affection, even though we not
be ourselves what is termed “ in love”
the object by which that sentiment is felt.
Gaston sat beside Catterina, playing with the
tendrils of her hair, and persuading her to take
her coffee. He was agreeable, cheering, and
respectful.
“After all,” he said, mentally, "there ig
something very humanizing In the society of a
nice, virtuous woman or girl! We grow self
ish brutes when we lead only a club life.’’
Then he sat down again beside her for a few
moments, and began wondering, as he tried to
lure her into a cheeiful chat, whether those
downcast eyes which fell beneath his own had
ever sunk beneath the gaze of another. Aftez
that, he wandered off in his thoughts in search
of Groue. How had the discovery come about t
As Gaston was unable to solve the mystery, we
may as well do so in his stead.
After Gaston had driven away with Catterina
from Claboussier’s, the jailer went sullenly
back to his room on the ground-floor, inviting
Groue to follow him. Before returning, he
locked and bolted up the house once more,
most carefully ; having, probably, other pris
oners to secure. At all events, he had Groue,
who did not imagine for a moment that he was
to be harshly treated until Claboussier said :
“And you? What ami to do with you J
Prisoner for prisoner. I suppose I may as well
lock you up in the room that troublesome de
moiselle has just left.”
“Lock me up! Make a prisoner of me I
Why, that was not what the count said. What
have I done ?”
“Nothing, I suppose, like all who come
here. Listen to them, and they’re all as inno
cent as angels. Come—come up stairs. I
daresay that girl’s room won’t poison you.’*
Groue pleaded. The idea of being locked up
was full of horror to his mind.
“ I will pledge you my honor not to escape!
Why should I ? Only let me stay here; I
cannot understand how a mistake occurred ?”
“It must have been your fault,” growled
Claboussier. “Whydid you bring that gkj
here at all?”
The scene resembled that all have read
when the cruel ogre wants an excuse to devour
the little child.
“I’m sure I’m very sorry,” stammered
Groue, “but I can’t comprehend it, never
theless. I know it has been no pleasure to
me to lose hours of rest in fruitless joumeysj
And you, too,” he added, mildly, “you musC
have been up all night—or did you send a
messenger ?”
“ No, I haven’t been up all night; I was ia
until you and the count woke me. What do
you mean?”
“Well—who went to the Count de Chan
tilly’s ?”
“Count de Chantilly’s? When? I b«J
lieve you’re drunk.”
“No, I ain’t!” answered Groue, stung

xml | txt