Our despatches from tbe Sbautndoab eaiiey (jive oa
furtber particulars ol tbe pursuit of iba rebels through
end beyond Front Royal, by Powell s division ef cavalry,
on Saturday last, and ao account-of another cavalry vic
tory over the enemy by Custer and Merr.tt on tbe same
day. General Powell sent back from tbe Lurey valley, as
Che tangible fruits of bis cbase of Early's flying troop,
ore, two pieces of artillery, one hundred end fifty
prisoners and a large quantity of ammunition. Cue
ier's and Merrill's fighting consisted of several bours
Skirmishing, tbe rebels being finally driven bacit m groat
Confusion, wnne this cavalry skirmi..bing wis in pro
tress Early advanced bis infantry as far as M.ddletown,
but Immediately withdrew on tbe defeat of bis cavalry,
?nd returned to Kisber'e H.ll The (Jn.oo losses m tbe en'
f Kgemeut were very email, botb in killed and wounded.
Barly'g Infantry force Is ascertained to be a considerable
one, but Sheridan's men are in excellent condition and tbe
best of spirits, atd prepared for tbe rebeu whenever
?bey choose to come on,
Kcbel guerillas have crossed tbe Potomac, evidently
With tbe Intention of attempting plundering raids in
Maryland and Pennsylvania, and tbe people of tbe
? uihern part or she latter Sttte have caught the alarm,
?nd are arming, apparently determined not to ba taken at
?ucb disadvantage aa on previous similar occasions
Citizen military organization! are being formed in
Chamberiburg, Mercers burg, Wayueeboro, GreeocaiUe
fcnd other towns.
Rumors were circulated In eoina quartern yesterday
that General Sherman had been heard from, and that ha
bad oaptured Augusta, Georgia. We are assured from
Washington, however, that no ioformition baa been
received by tbe government to warrant any such state
ment, nor is it expected that any intelligence will reach
?he North regarding Sherman's movements for some
daye yet, unless it comes from rebel touroca. Tbese
reports, therefore, bed no basis Id any known facta,
hut In a somewhat plausible supposition, ana tbey
?arry *'th them an air of probability, as Augu-ta,
?blob is on tbe Savannah river, the dividing Hoe b?
tween Georgia and South Carolina, and two hundred , d
fibirty miles from Its mouth, is on aa almost dir <*t Ii e
from Atlanta to either of the cities of Cbar.r* - ?nd
Bevannah From the lormer It la distant ?ae hii i t> ed '
and thirty-six mtlea, and from the latter nue u o- I
?red and twenty. It is at tbe cistern term nue of tie
Ceorgla Railroad, tbe weateru and of which t? at All -, j
and Is connected with Cbar.eston by the So t ?ro .us j
Roll road. In population and Importance Aug 'a ttie J
gee.md city In tbe .-tate of Georgia. j
In tbe Nkrai.p of Thursday and I riday lie
?ccouots of the pursuit or tbe rebel privateer t?
by the gunboat tfasaacua, and of tba chase ? ,.i a ?- i 1
bamming in of her oil the North Carolina co- t ... n.
?ur block ad ere. At the time it wis believ j
pirate oouid not escape, but It o->w at poirs tb-t ?
na we are loformed by our Beaufort desiahb. <
Coor Union sieimere engaged In tbe cb .re ol b. r 01 . '
Ttb Inatant, tbe Monlgomery and tbel.ill en t ok tin .?>
(he former following her up from ten o'cl rk 'n tv
mora log until dark. The pursuit was uui g i, ? end
meet exciting. Bo near had tbey got to ber thai but s
?bert time could have elapsed before abe would bave i
been their prey, when night set lo, and sbe escape 1 |. j
?be darkneas?w hither la not known,
Oer army despatches from before tbe rebel caplt .1 !
mentioe a ooisy and apparently meaningless dem-u -ira ?
?ioa made by tbe rebel plckeie lo front of tbe f-e-o d
?orpa on last Saturday night. Whatever was He dee.an. i
II aale no impreoiton on our lines, for tbey remit d
precisely tbe aame on Sunday morning aeon tbe prevm a ?
evening There was heavy cannoned log in tbe vicinity '
of Dutch Gap on Bunday nigbt, but with what result bse
met been asoertained. General Grant'e order in'ornrng J
Meseriera from tbe enemy of tbe treatment they will re- J
oelve oo coming into bis lines bee been republNbed, and
la being again sent into tba rebe army. Tbe weather le
?o d, and many of our soldiers beve built log bote to
?soke themselves more eomfortabis; but we are adm .o
??bed that this fact must not be lakeo ee ao ludtcatiou
?hat eer armies oa tbe James ere going Into winter q jar
tars. #
< The eteaneblp Cabawba, wblcb arrived bere yester
day, brought ua Intereeilng dgspauhra, from the f.uir
Department, dalid In New Orleans to the Sd met ibe
rebels are building foru on botb tides of Red river,
?bore tbe Alexandria fella Tbe regltiered enemies re
?sally teal out of Ibe Ualoa lines beve been conscripted
try the re be I a The rebels nt Brownsville have put a j
?watom house la operation, nod bave prohibits 1 lbs Im
-portatioa of all kind* of good* except oorn. flour atd
veg.ubiea Tbey have reoeniiy received an eccessloo
?? tbelr artillery of two placet, and are expecting four
?sore There are about fifteen bun-Jrfyl bales
?f rebel government cotton there, awiltiog
?b-potent t? foreign ports Our returned prisoners from
yyler, Texas, elate that immensa quantities of the etaple
Irave recently p.sw, that piaoe on wagons, bouud from
fSbrereport lo ll-owcnvlite. The eteamer Ike Darla, cap
Aured eonee time ago by ptratfeai (.asset gars, on ber way
Irotn e Texan port lo New Orleans, was said to be taking
?n board a cargo of enttoa i. Matagorda bay' Zz",%m
^?uiragnt. .,.11 eobllnoe .. .om, p,irtionB of
An (TWO* and rebala bgd a
Ibrtf dye (Mtiaugo m
Matimoros to ealebrale the establishment of the Impe
rial authority there. Oar Coaaul to that to wo was atUI
protected Irom rebel Insults and outrage* by a guard of
Freoch aoidlora. IHwerters from the rebel army were
constantly corning eoraee the Rlo Greude end giving them
selves up to him. la one day over one hundred reported
themselves at his office. From Florida we learn of two
very succes.-ful Vulon raids in the western part of that
State, under the direction of General Bailey, in which
much valuable properly was secured.
We have 0 es of Richmond papers of Saturday last As
usual for several successive days of le'e a considerable
porilou of their space is dsvoted to tbe discussion of
Northern poitice. The result o: our Presidential election
they consider n deliberate declaration of tbo Northern
people that they will have "four years more of such war
an Lincoln wages," nod It II In tbla manner, tbe 3#?tinrl
says, thet tbe Yankees "exhibit their diabolical spirit
and the resolution which now controls them."
Therefore the people of tbe South are urged
to think only of war for an todeDolte period, and
to make It their Du-loess, end tbe earnestness with
wblob they are conjared lo^hts course strongly Indicates
that a large portion ef the said people are Just now In
such e frame of mtod that considerable coaxing will be
required to bring them up to the mark. Tbe rebol
editors desire to have no talk or trouble about "questions
of pence," and the reconstruction 1st statesmen, such ns
tbe rebel Vice President, Alex. B. Stephens, Governor
Brown, ot Georgia, and Br. Boyoe, member of tbe rebel
roogreas from South Carolina, are Invited to resign,
the Expresssays that the democrats of tbe North "have
betrayed every prlnolple of tbelr own, abandoned
'.heir old and faithful aaaoctatea "of the South," and
iolued tbe black republicans In their bloody crusado,"
thus rendering themselves unfit for Southern association.
Tbe Whig Is eonQdnnt that before this month Is out
Grant will make e combined end formidable land and
water attack on Rlchmoud. Additional argumentsNtre
supplied In ravor or arming tbe slaves.
We publish to-day General Butler's official ordor on
tbe relinquishment of command in this city, in wbioh he
returns bis thanks to the various army officers, the sol
diers, tbe mlittla, the polios and the Citizens, for their
co-operation with him for the preservation of order
during the election excitement.
MIBCELLANIOUB NSWA
Tbe ateamship Australasian, from Liverpool on the 5tb
and Q lecnstowa on tbe Oth inat., brluging two days later
European intelligence, arrived at this port at aa early
hour this morning The details or her news, which it
Interesting, will be found In soother portion ol this paper
Ma,or General HcClellan's resignation of bis position In
the regular army has been accepted by the President, to
due from the 8th iost., the day on which it was ten
dered and General I'bilip H. Sheridan, commander of the
Sb -naudoah army, has received tbe major generalship
rendered ^pqftut by this retirement, as will be seen b>
the official tiirder which we publish in another column
One of our Washington correspondents states that it Is
now re.idered certain that before tbe next meetiog of tbe
I'nlted Slates Supreme Court, on tbe first Monday iu De
cember proximo. Mr. Secretary of War Stanton will be
app inted to the Chief Justiceship, and General llutler
will take Mr. Stanton's place at the head of the War
liepartment
? ? pubi.il) to day a full report of tbe reception given to
General Butler at tbe Fifth Avenue Hotel on Monday
evening last. together with (be remarkable apeecb which
be delivered on that occasion. Tbe dieplay was one of
tbe moat brilliant that has ever been gotten up In tbe
sumptuous chambers of thle famous hotel, and tbe tbou
sands or faKbiouable guests who attended showed bow
much the act and motive were appreciated In our
rejiort all necessary particulars will be round. Among
the audience Greeley and Beecber made their appearance
the latter indulging in a political speech, bat the former
preserving a more dlgntAed alienee. Geaeral Butler s
remarks, however, contain tbe main aubstance of the
?1 irit of tbe meeting, and we therefore particularly call
our readers' atteution to tbem.
The Board of Supervisors met yesterday at noon, and
disposed of several routine bills and other papers devoid
?i public interest. They then organized as county can
vasaera, and continued In session for several hours.
1 here was nothing in the proceedings, however, worth
reporting.
Id (be case of O'Nell vs Weed t Co.'s Express, la tbe
Marine Court, before Judge Alker, where the plaintiff
sued to recover lor loss of baggage entrusted to do
fendsut's csre Tor the purpoee of being conveyed to plain
tiffs residence In Thlrty-thlrd street, the jury yesterday
brought m a verdict for tbe plaintiff assessing the dam
ages at $405.
At a meeting or the City CoudcII of Toronto on last
Monday night the Mayor stated that tbe members of tbe
Fenian Rroinsruood in tbe United States bsve In content
piatlon an armed demonstration on Canada, and that In.
formation of the design had bcea laid befora lbs Canadian
government.
its Iron Aogb-rebel blockade running steamship Lucy,
captured off Wilmington, on tbe 2d instant, by thsgun'
boat^Santiago de Cuba, arrived In this port yesterday, in
charge of a prizs master and crew, en rente to Boston.
*he bse on bo-tro three hundred and sixty-flvo bales of
cotton and twe uv-tv# lone of tobacco.
A miniature te egraph tfllce, designed for a present to
ttie Emperor of Russia, baa been prepared by an artisan
01 this city. It ccnsUts or complete telegraphic appa
ratus, callable cf transmitting tneesages between this
c.ly and Boston. all embraced within thecompiss of a
m .rncco case egbt Kobe* in length, six inches tn width,
and Ciree ar.j a b*if inches in depth.
Tne member* of tbe Seventy-ninth regiment of New
York Volunteers held a meeting Wat night at tbe Mercer
if-we. corner ol Mercer and Broome streets, tnr the pur
"se of reorganizing as a regiment of tne New York State
?at.on*I Guard.
A school or mioos was yesterday organized by|a portion
o( tne f cully of t olumbia Codege, In th'.s city. This
scilsjI is to be lo connection with the college, but is to
h?ve distinct b unches of studies for its students, apart
from tbe regular college course. It will give acl'eiitinc
ins'rnctlcn In regard to minerals and tbe art of working
mines, aod will nave various learned profesaors to pre
aide over Its sevsr >1 classes. Thret years will constitute
tbe |<enod of study.
Tbe C'oruner'a Investigation In the Brooklyn mysterious
murder case w ts c 'Deluded yesio'dir No new facts
wort devc; >ped, and nothing giving s clue to tbe mur
dcrei or mo derate ot the man, or to the raasons for tbe
niu Hanon of tne body, was ev dred during tbe exau.lns
twu. theory, after giving their verdict that tbe man
came lo bis deatb by a gugabot wound In tbs bead at
the bands ol some unknown person or persons, add a
roc .mine dali n that trie reward for the discovery of
the perpetrator or periWtratora be increaeed.
John Monaghan was yesterday committed to the
Tombs l? default of one thousand dollars ball, oo ch irgo
of being in I-ague with two other men who abslraalej
3vo but dred dollars from tbe pocket of John Lee while
he w?a trying on a pair of new pantaloons la or Oliver
street clothing store M-oagan's alleged accomplices
b*vs not yet been arrested
florae# Jone?, tbe well known horseman of this city,
ard proprietor of tbe Lafayetta stables, lo Mercer street,
was drowaed In toe Delaware river, on Saturday night
last, by tbe upsstllug of a sailboat while out on s gun
ning excurtlon.'
A number of natives of the different British North Ame
rican provinces, residing in this city, recently beid s
meeting and organized a society, with the tills of the
'? H'litsb American Association,'' having for Its object
tbs maintenance of social lotsroourse and fellowship
*m?og themselves.
In tho Court of Cemmoa I'leaa yeeterday, before Judge
Daly, s judgmeml waa recovered against the city by Geo.
M Mtckls (or $26 on account of a purchase from the
pUiniiO oy tbe Common Couacil of a pitent Ors ascapo
sud hook and leader apparatus in November, 1M0. Tbs
defence sat up was tnst the city had no right |9 Bake the
purchase in question, and that there never bad be?n any
money In tbe treasury to Ibpildatg lh"e bl)l
There was a larse ra.nndar-.
. ,. _ , , ? of case* prepared for trial
' * 08 i". '*>06* yesterday; but, owing to tbs ab
h sr^ n?f,,u,d * b-u?^ ?? ?'?>?
AtmeH. H sasr, indicted lor stealing $<t worth of pro
P?rty rroln P gfca-b#rg> of No # ^ ^
8A of Marcb, pleaded guilty to an slump! at (fraud
arceny, and was sent to the penltsntlsry for one year.
I There was another isdletment against her for a similar
i offense Wm. Ij. Ta.ifs", ffoatldted la Ksptembsr of
I forgery In tbs fourth degree, was sentenced to one year's
Imprisonment In the penitentiary. Henry Buhlor.who
?tela wort* ?f glvtbiagif om W m- E. ymJUtawlt eg
BOth of M?roh, pleads! guilty io pe ly Itroeny. Ho was
?vol to tbe penitentiary lor s x muoitif.
the first scow of the muoo fe.V in thin olt Y yesterdxy.
It commenced about eleven ?Wul>ck tn lli? monitor, nod
lasted about twenty minutes. ctianglug toioaligbietower
of raic
A totter from IexiQgt<u, Mt.ieouri, toy* that aa too
Klghty-Dlnlb Indiana ret linen I was on ita inarcb throuyh
tbal place, tbreo ot Ita olllcorx?Major Henry, surge >u
Porter and I.teixotiaut Agul.y?stopixxt at a bouee t"r
dinner. Alter they oad ooooluded the meat, ami abilj
on tbe way to remount ttielr horses, bltcbed at a fect-e
ueir by three guurilla acoundrela disguised la tbe na
tional uniform <1 shed up and ordered tbem to eurrcud-*.
1 us Heads theu tonic tbom to tbe woods, where, a:ler
robbing tbem, they were all three abut tbrou.b the
bead, and ieit ly lug weltering io tbelr blood. Their dead
bodies were a. lerxxrda found by ollixens where tbey
were killed.
Six more men charged with being concerned In tbe si
lagd conspiracy to sack and burn Chicago and release
tbe rebel prisoners at Oaiap Doutrlaa on tbe day of the
Presidential elect loo, were arretted in tbel oily on Mon
day eight. One of tbem la named Semines, and la aatd te
oe a uepbew of the rebel pirate of that name.
from San Francteoo we learn that tbe Monitor Ca I
mnncbe, which was trunk in the harbor of tbai pl.ee soma '
lime ago, and subsequently raised and put together, was
succossrully launched on Mcndsy of lb a week, fbs
steamship Golden Age, whioh sailed from ban Fraooitoo
for Panama on tbe litb Inst., carried orer a million
dollars In treasure. Advices from Japan report a skir
mish between tbe Japanese and tbe allied fleets.
Tne receipts of tbe maritime austoms of Vera Crna,
Mexico, during tbe first eight months of tbe present ye.r
amounted to 2,000.616 piastres ($1 06 earb), being an
increase on tbe corresponding period of 1862 ot 1,200,218
piastres. The month of September produced a sum of
437,107 piastres, being 07,620 more than tn tbe preceding
moo tb.
Tbe Block market was dull and lower yesterday, and
closed heavy. Gold had a downward tendency, and,
after opculug at 244X, closed at 2SS. Government secu
rities were ataady aud higher.
In buslnoss places tbe aspect of things was about the
same yeetorday as on Monday, with tbe single exoe, tl >n
that there was less buoyancy sod firmness. Holders
were very backward about relinquishing that firmness
which tbey bars manifested niece the late adracoe In
gold, especially for foreign goods, owing Io wbioh trans
tolicns were much circumscribed. Petroleum, cotl'<n,
Ac., were irregular. On'Change the flour market was
dull acd heavy and about 16c. lower. Wboal waa unset
tled, dull and nominally 2c. a Sc. lower. Oats were
beery, and the market less active The oorn market
opened firm, but closed dull and drooping. Pork was
dull, unsettled and lower. Beef was firm, with a fair
demecd. Lard was rather firmer, with, however, but
little doing. Whiskey waa rather firmer, with a mode
rate demand. Freights ware rather more active.
Tbe market for beef catlle waa buoyant and Arm this
week, aud price? were nearly or quite >40. higher, la tbe
face of contloued heavy receipts. Prices varied from 8c.
a 18c. a 18>?c. Milch cows were unchanged. Veals were
steady at Sc. a 18c. a 13>?c. Bboep sod lambs were firm
at $4 a $7 a $8. Swine were in fair demand at 11 He. a
12^0. The total receipts ware 6,172 beeves, 117 cows,
2,032 veals, 19,432 sheep and lambs, and,28,726 hog?.
North and South?The Military hud
Political Condition of Each.
Recent great events, as our Presidential elec
tion, Sherman's movement from Atlanta, and
Hood's toward Tennessee?taken with the re
cent messages of Southern officials?altogether
show us the relative military and political
position of the two sections in a new and strik
ing light. All the facta shown iu the docu*
ments and in tbe events alike point out the
broad d sUnctions that characterize either side,
and mark th? eontrast between the two more
clearly than they have ever hitherto been seen.
Oa ti e one side, they show the steady and
en?y operation of tbe political system of a great
people, working in a crisis of that peoples des
tiny without jolt or jar?and an immense mili
tary enterprise launched forward without
effort and aimed with irresistible force at a
point it cannot fail to hit. On tbe otner side,
they show tho turmoil of divided councils?
the bitterness and the chaos of factions, and a
military necessity without military power or
purpose?an army that neglects and relin
quishes what it might do and beats tbe air for
an objoct beyond its reach. On tbe one band a
great, free and united people, and on the other
a mere agglomeration of ambitious wretches,
each Eeeking bis own advautage?every one
suspicious and fearful or the other, and all
rifling tbe pockets and catting tbe throats of a
deluded and downtrodden people.
Here at tbe North our grand quadrennial
crisis is over, and it has left us stronger and
ilrmer on our feet than it found us. Tbe elec
tion has consolidated a^ party divisions into
ono great harmonious whole?one united and
determined people. There is no longer any
opposition on the great points of national
policy. Never was there held a more quiet
election tbun that just past; never did political
machinery operate, even in a time of peace, with
more noiseless perfection, and never was the
acquiescence of a people in tbe decision of the
majority more absolute. Every msn is in taror
of tbe prosecution of tbe war to its just and
proper object, and there is no longer a rem
nant of that miserable faction which foiu'ed
upon the country its hypocritical cry for peace,
even at the cost of thing? infinitely more valua
ble than any peace. If tbe peace taction has
any bead, it dure no longer show it. There is
no one, not utterly lost to shame, but is
ashamed to Lave been part of that faction. And
this grand unity of the people finds its fit
expression in tbe force with which the
war is now carried on 1>7 the con
firmed and st'engthened government. Our
operations now promise, for the first
time, (be absolute and early destruction of tbe
military power of the onemy. Our two great
armies arc in tho hands of men equal to any
military achievement?the peers of the best
soldiers of hist* r>; and with tbe richest people
on tho face of tbe earth to feed, equip and rein
force tbe great armies that those ineu lead, it
is mere madness to doubt that complete
triumph will soon crown our efforts.
But how different is the picture presented by
the people, tho government and the armies of
tbe South. No Southern man has any longer
any confidence in the rebel cause. The people
have nuither confidence in themselves nor in
tiieir leaders. Even Davis, tbe arch rebel, con
demned to the bad elevation of tbe highest
place in (hat pandemonium, has shown tbe
white feather. He tells the Southern people,
In so many words, that that slavery whioh is
tbe basis of Southern society?for which so
many men have been killed in battle?is an
evil, a social crime, and not a benefit to
the negro. That the negro is fit for a
better condition,* and that his freedom
may be given to him "at a reward."
"Mr. Davis entertaias," says South Caro
lina, "tbe same opinions aa Ssward and
Sumner;" and on this question of the negro
the South is broken up Into factions. On the
question of State rights it has bold and noisy
factions, and the whole country is one scene of
factious tumul.t Jlj're l? lmrdiy an able
> is in
bodied man whose heme is in tfie Southern
States who is not In the rebel army; and
tbe rebel President and his Secretary of
War call urgently for more men. All those
who have been slain have net overpowered the
government of the United States, and what
they have done will be lest if more aro not put
in ar?v Hpod inarches wcaklv away
Into Teuuessee to strke tbo blow of a
drunken mau, and Leo orouohos exhausted
l*hiud the Richmond defences. If more
men can be found-white men or black
men?to fight, what are they to fight
for? Bimply, say certain of the Riob
inond papers, to make Mr. Duvis dictator. Mr.
Davis urges the rebel Congress to suspend the
rebel pro.-*, to lot his heads of department go
into tbo rebel Congress, uud to give him su
preme and despotic power over the persons of
the Southern men, that he may send every one
whom be d slikos into the rebel army, just as
tt>e Csar sends men who displease bitn to
Siberia. 8uoh is the last phase of the great
rebellion, aud suob la the condition for which a
whole people have endeavored to destroy
what one of thoir leaders calls " the best
government in the world."
mnvnil Bailor's Peace Proposition?THe
D..t? wills tfce Olive Brandt.
The flittering publio reception given to
General Butler at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, on
Monday evening last, was, in many respects, a
remarkable event. It was roinarknble in view
of the objeot of hia visit to this metropolis and
in view of the objeot of the meeting; it w ?a
remarkable from the numbers of distinguished,
be<ut ful and interesting ladies who graoed the
festival with their presence; but it was most
remarkable in this?that General Butler, dis
gu sed in the plumage of war, appeared on this
occasion as the dove, returning from the sub
siding waters or the deluge, nnd bearing in his
I mouth the olive branch of peace.
What an agreeable surprise will this be for
our "misguided brethren or the South." Re
garded by them ns the embodiment of all the
vioes, all the cruelties and all tie crimes inci
dent to humau depravity, they have learned to
designate Gen. Butler as " Butler, the tyrant;
"Butler, the robber;" "Butler, tho Infamous,
aud ? Butler, the Beast." This last choice dis
tinctlon, as expressing all that is vile and
abominable, has become as common among the
subjects of Jeff. Davis as that other favorite
epithet of "Lincoln, the Ape." What will
these people of the South think or tins muoh
| abused man Butler, whom they have declared
an outlaw, beyond the pale of ransom
or pardon, and for whose head they have
offered the value of a huudred negroes-what
will they say of him when, seizing the over
whelming verdict of the country for the war,
be gracefully and graciously comes forward
with the olive branch of peace? If there be
anything of Southern chivalry remaining, be
tween Richmond and Mobile, surely this volun
tary offering from General Butler of kinduess
for hatred, and charity for abuse, will disarm
even the most ferooious fire-eater ol hia reso u
tions of vengeance. General Butler thinks
that the late election has so far sustained the
administration, and basso completely strength
ened its hands for decisive war, that it is sow
In the best possible position to try again a
liberal offer of peace. This is what be proposes
to our rebellious Southern brethren.,He would
etty to them:?"Come back, couie back, and
leave off feeding on husks, and share with us
the fat of the land, and bygones shall be by
gones, and in one country, and with one law,
we shall live in peace hereafter." And it is no
stinted or halfway forgiveness that he offers.
He proposes it "to all, if all will submit to the
Ihws;" and be very convincingly awks:?"By so
doing shall we not, In the eyes of the world,
have 'exhausted all the resources of statesman
ship' in our effort to restore peace to the
C?Such^ is the amnesty suggested by General
Butler in behalf or peace, ir contemptuously
rejected by the rebel leaders, however, he pro
poses the fearful alternative of war on the
plan of "William the Conqueror"?war to
subjugation, confiscation and the coloni
zution of the enemy's lands by our own
soldiers. This terrible alternative, we do
not think, from the present military situa
tion, will be necessary in any event; but
we do most cheerfully concur in the pro
position for the experiment of another invita
tion to peace to the rebellious States on the
basis of a liberal amnosty. In trying it,
whether accepted or rejected, the administra
tion will be vindicated before the world, sna
the people of the loyal States will become a
""from 'the"interesting fact that, upon the heels
or this peace speech of General Butler, the
Rev. Henry Ward Beeoher nominated him tor
the next Presidency, we infer that the General s
peace programme will be satisfactory to the
abolition war radicals, while, on the other hand,
the universal amnesty proposed is all that
could be reasonably askod by Vallandigham
aud the peace copperheads. Therefore, when
the Secretary of War shall have heard officially
from General Sherman, and that the military
game of cbcss now being played in Georgia
is completely under his control, we w uld
respectfully recommend to President Linco n
the adoption or General Butler's peace propo
sitions, and the allowance of the interval of
grace suggested to tho anniversary of General
Jackson's victory or New Orleans. In the
meantime it will be a feather in the cap or
General Butler that he stands the first public
man in the country to propose ? generous
amnesty in behalf of peace after a national
oleotiau which has fully justified and strength
ened the administration for the subjugation of
the rebellion by force of arras.
Thk Scii lics wim-Hoijjtk in Qi'ichtion.?The
ot peace bj which Denmark has formally
ceded her rights to the duchies is do doubt re
garded by Austria and Prussia as a triumph for
the interests of despotism, and a check npon
England, whose growing influence upon the
Continent it has been a great object with those
governments to arrest In these calculations
they will liud themselves mistaken. The pre
text under which they have wrestod from a
weak State dependencies to which she had
established as good a title as any by which they
hold their own possession is one whioh they
will And outs two ways.
The principle of national unity upon which
this aggression npon Denmark was founded was
an idea started by the revolutionary party of
Germany. It was a powerful lever for the ob
jects whioh tbey had in view, bnt it is a dan
gerous one for governments to make use ol
whose ompircs are made up ef mixed nation
alities. Thai they received from the radical
or progressive parties in their dominions a cor
dial support in the^movement against Denmark
ought to have been evidence sufficient to them
of the faot. Let us see how this practical
recognition of the principle is going to work.
Venice stands in regard to Italy In a much
stronger national relation than did 8chleewig
Ilolsteln to Germany. In ?be duchies the pop
ulation was more or less mixed, the German
element however prepvudoratin#, while la
Veuetia it is purely Italian. ?IB duchies
there was a stroug party for the Danish con
nection; in Venice none but tbe government
funct'onares are partisans of the Austrian.
How, then, iu face of the arguments\u8ed to
justity the spoliation of Denmark, oaa' *^e
longer retention of Ven'.oe by Austria be%de
(ended? Here is a dilemma into which the G?% "
man governments have been pushed by the {
revolutionary party, and wa do not well see
how they aro to extricate themselves (rom it.
If German unity is n good thing Italian unity
is a better; tor the Italian government is wea;
only from tbe hold which Austria possesses
of its territory and the military aid which
France gives tbe Pope. The Italians would be
fools were they not to a>ply tho precedent es
tablished in the case of Denmark; and this, no
doubt, they will soon be prepared to do, with
t ie aid of Great Britain, which has affronts to
avenge and in crests to sustain in counection
with the movement.
Bitiilngi tit llliduitr?l he Benefit* of
i kit War.
It is an old and wise adage that the bless
ings ol Providence are oltenso well disguised
as to be at llrst unrecognized. At tbe outbreak
of tbis civil war, certainly, nobody would
have pronounced it a blessing, and everybody
was disposed to denounce it as a curse.
Indeed, even up to the present time, there are
those who continually harp upon its miseries
and indulge in uunecesisary exaggerations of
its terrors and its woes. garded from the
standpoint of the individual, the WHr really
has been very dreadful. It has made countless
widows and orphans. It lias taken away tho
pride and the support of many a home. It has
filled the land with coffins and cripples. It has
devested large sections of the country. It has
destroyed our commerce, and turned trade out
of its usual channels. It has ruined very many
people, while enriching others at their expense.
It has vastly increased tbe prices of all the lux
uries, comforts and necessaries of life. Look
ing at it simply in lis effect upon individuals,
or upon classes which are composed of indi
viduals, tbe war baB undoubtedly caused an
immense deal of trouble, suffering and m;s
(ortune.
But, in fact, this 1b not the right way to look
at the war. If we consider any of the great
wars or history in th b way they were ull very
bad; whereas we know that many ot them were
productive of the greatest possible goo.I. Hie
first Napoleon stripped France of all iter young
men and wasted lives as if tbey were eons; but
he made the nat on glorious, predisposed the
world to pence, and left many benefits as a
legacy to the Frenchmen of tbe present day
The war which drove monarchy ft-om England
and placed Groin well at the head of affairs was
aveiy terrible thing, and Engl'slunen were
robbed of their lives, limbs, homes and pro
perty in a very ruthless maimer; but no one
now denies trat the Cromwellian war was
exceedingly profitable to Etgluud and to the
world. Our forefathers marched through the
Revolutionary war with bleeding feet, and
empty stomachs, and ragped clothing, and
pockets either completely empty or scantily
furnished with worthless Continental money.
Tbey left their wives and children behind them
to work the 'arms or tend the stores as beat
they could, and doubtless there was starvation
in many a homestead,and all on account ot the
war. Yet no American will say that the R-vo
lutionary war was not a vast benefit to us and
to tbe whole of mankind, and no American now
wishes that we had yielded to tbe despotism of
Old England and submitted to a disgraceful
peace. As it w e with those wars so it is with
tbis. The blessing may be thoroughly disguised,
but It is a blessing, nevertheless.
In a great war like tbis the individual is los:
in tbe grandeur of the results. Private Jom-e
falls and is carried to a grave or '.lie Hospital;
but the Union triumphs in tne fight. Merchant
Brown, whose customers are in the South,
makes a very bad failure; but tin1 war sets
thousands of other merchants upon their leet.
See what this war has already done for tbe
country. It has developed resources of widen
we were previously ignorant, iron, coal, cop
per and saltpetre mines 1 ave been discovered
in the South in numbers and locat one
undreamed of before tbe war. Canals have
been built like those upon the Mississippi and
at Dutch Gap, which were simply impossible to
private enterprise, and which wilt greatly
facilitate navigation. Harbors hitherto un
known are now crowded witn our sh pping.
Wherever new railroads sre needed they are
laid down at tbe unprecedented rate of a uiile
a day. The telegraph follows our armies
wherever they go. Soldiers turn editors and
start newspapers in the enemy's country, aud
our generals take the stump as soon as tbey
have taken a city and proceed to instruct the
people they have conquered. The slavery
question, which was our only source of dts
turbauce, has been cut by the sword, like
the ^ordisn knot, and now seems in a fair
way to settle itself through the desperate
measures of the rebel leaders. The whole
South, hitherto reserved for negro plantations,
is being thrown open to foreign immigration.
This same immigration constantly recuperates
tbe North, and is rather Increased tLan
diminished by the wsr. Domestic manufac
tures are wonderfully encouraged. Inventions
multiply upon us. We have created an iron
clad navy such as It Is. On sea or on land,
with sailors or with soldiers, ws are now more
than a match for any other nation upon tbe
face of the earth.
These are some of the benefits which we, as a
people, have already derived from this war;
and we might ennmerate many more, were our
space equal to the requirements of the subject.
Uut any one who cau appreciate the full scope
of the benefits we have recited will need no
further argument to convince him that the war
is really a blessing to the country. When It
shall end in the complete restoration of the
Union, ita blessing* will be even more uppareni
The anger, the prejudices, the jealousies whioh
it has created, will soon pasa away; but the
telegraphs, the railroads, the canals, the
harbors, tbe . various Improvements which
It has also created will then remain. The sen
timent of nationality, of devotion to the Union,
of faith in tbe brave old flag will remain like
wise. This war has shown us that we are a
world within a world. Upon this continent
we can find or produos everything necessary
for either war or peace. At the summons of
our government we ean raise an army or a mil
lion of men and cover the seas with a fleet of I
frigates and Impregnable Iron-?lads. Our cities
and harbors ddh be defended, at a week's 1
notion, with forts and earthworks which
Europeans have no power to capture, and tyUb
mammoth cannoh, throwing thousand ^bund
ball*, bsforp wVius any EiUQPCMl Ytceoj *
utterly worthless. Henoe If we should eve?
engage in a European war its battles will be
fought there, not here, end we shell attaok
London end Paris, instead of waiting for the
enemy to attack us. Thus we shall become the
proudest aud most powerful nation upon the
globe, and in centuries of prosperous peace
varied, perhaps, by victorious wars we snail
reap tho full benefits of our present intestine
struggles, and put to shame those who see ouly
a horrors of the contest, and overlook Its
rles and its blessings.
qiu\nd Failvke of tub Albany Reoicn?t?
Tuey ?ake Ikoomfwmt and Should be D?
placed.- The lftt# election has
democsira *ed many ^'"fi8 of which tho ?ou0*
try was previously unaware; but in no par
ticular are its conclusive than in
proving the utVer Incompetency ol Dean Uioh
mond and the ov *>?r members of the Albany
Rrigency for politVcal leadership. These grand
moguls of the Stats ?re only terrible to non
combatants. Let any " one, no matter how in
significant, "ofTer fight, " aod W *'? dttWB
on their knees begging* terms aud tendering
abject compromises immediately. It was so al
the Charleston Conveutioo ,n 18fi0, wheie then
weakness and irresolution, sg'ben contronted by
the little knot of secession a'onspimtora from
the seven Gulf States, led to adjournment
of the couvention, the breaking "P of the
democratic party and the fia'sl break
ing up, for a time at least, of our oa
tioaal government. Had the ^egooey
men taken the secession bull b>* the
horns?it was but a bull-cal then?they nhjffkl
have run it out of the party or slaughtered
it on the floor of the couvention; but they*
dilly-dallied with It, aud shilly-shallied witti
It, until at last the few rebel conspirators wefd
led to believe that tbey had only to hold on
long enough and make a little more noise to
back the Regency down altogether. Indeed
they did finally back them down in that vesf
contest, for we all remember the mongrel elee
toral ticket made up that year, upon wbleh
the Douglas men, Breckinridgers and Bell
Evere-tts were about equally misrepresented.
So, too, the Regency were bullied by Fer
nando Wood for years in regard to our local
matters in this city; but tbc greatest bullying
that has ever be?;i doue against them, and the
most ignominious ba k down they have ever
made, took p ace at the Chicago Convention,
lio this party gathering of democratic fools and
foss.ls, Dean Richmond journeyed with hie
d stinguisbed troupe of Regency pertoriners,
swearing more horribly than ever did "our
army in Flanders" against the "copperheads.*
and vowing to drink the blood and eat the
heart of every "peace-at-ai.y price" man wbe
should dare to avow bis sentiments on the floor
ot that convention. Had they stuck totbietexl
and made a platform of substantial loyalty,
placing thereupon General McClellan, with
some proper vice presidential associate, who
doubts but that Mr. Lincoln would now be
packing up ins clothes and papers with a view
to quitting the White House by next 4tb of
March? But, despite all their threats and
vaporings, the Dean and company quailod at
tee decisive moment before the louder threate
and fiercer vaporings ol Vallnadigbam, Vouc
hees, Wood,'Pendleton and others of tbatclass,
really forming a contemptible minority of the
convention, and only made strong by the weak
ness and irresolution of the Regency leaders,
to whom the other loyal delegations had beem
induced to look for guidance. Let It be
thoroughly understood that it is to the coward
ice and mismanagement ol Dean Richmond and
the Regency that the democratic party owe theit
deleat in the recent contest, and let the whole
democratic party, not only of this State, but of
tie Union, combine together to k ck tbeee
incompetent usurpers from tbe seats of power
they bave so repeatedly proved themselvee
unfit to fill.
New Cabinet ok Fossil Cvniosnrss. It la
reported that Professor Agaesiz is about add
ing to bis cabinet of fossil curiosities several
rare specimens. They were exhumed during
the late Presidential election and laid upon
the shelf, suitab y labelled and class fled.
Among the most Interesting specimens is one
Lamed the "carboniferous" or Buchanan class,
the assortment of which is very large. It em
braces a large number of Pennsylvania fossils,
all rare curiosities. Then there is a class called
the "Silurian," a very fossiliferous class, of
which poor Pierce is labelled as tbe finest spe
cimen. Then there is the tertiary class, of
which fiddling Fillmore Is presented as tbe
most interesting and venerable spec: men. Of
ttiis class, but not exactly of the same generio
origin, may bo named?1, Vallaudignans, of
tbe eocine strata; 2, Belmont, of the meoolo^
and 3, Fernando Wood, of the ptiooene, of
politician strata. These are a few of the reoeal
additions to Professor Agasmz's oabinel of
fossil remains after tbe last election.
GUERILLAS ACROSS THE POTOMAC.
The People of Cltamberabargr oa (ho
Alert?Organisation of military Com
der, die.
CSAMMMBcita, Fa, Nov. 11,1104.
Some rebel gaerlllas hiring crowed the Polo dim, evfr
dently with the purpoec of plundering the herder, the
oltlMoaof Cbambereburg held a large meeting tbie even
ing, end organized three Held com pan lee for defeeoe, one
of which Is to be armed by lie members with Orel eiaas
repealing rlflen.
Companies war# also promptly organized to day la
Qraaaoaatlo, Waynesboro and Mercersnurg, and all W
them will ba completely armed to morrow. The herder
people are folly prepared for pioneering raids, and they
will make abort work ot say guerillas who may fall laia
their bands
Arrli?l ?fth? PrlM liMUitr 1**07,
Tba prlaa alaumor Locjr, Acting Mvtor Prank n.WUka *
ebtrii, arrltad at tbia porl pattardap moroiaf ta tblrtp- '
oca boars from Hampton Road*. 8ba wga captured, oa tM
3d last., about oaa baadrad and autp MUaa off ?"-ilug
ton, K. C.,bp tba Unltod BUtas |?MI Bantings da
Cuba, aflar a ehaaa of oaa boar aad a ball, daring wbldb
aba lb row o tot board ddpdour balaa of oat loo, sba to
bound to Bootoa. Har cargo coaalata of tbroo baadrad
aad aixtp-tra balaa af cotton, and iwaalf Ha toon af
tobacco. Bha la a aldawbaol (locator, built pf iron, two
baadrad aad Iwaotp-lsa faai long, twaaty foot, b#aaa? aao
baadrad aad alaatp-two toaa bnrdoa aad.aaa poor aUL
Tbia waa har taatb trip af waning tba b hah tola.
Rtmumou or m A aw' rvwa Socwrf?Tba "prU '
?ala rlaw" of tbia axMMtloa took plaaa laat aoaalag at
tba Darby Gaiiarp. tba room* warav aa naual, orar
crowdad, fraa circulation balng aab aC tba qnaalloa. Of
tba oaatrlbutlooB bp artiata ta praaant aala tbaro
ara oalp Oft p. botaMoag thaaa tbaqb ara a f?w of rorp
groat aiorlt, parUoularlp tbooa by W blttradga aad K?(t
mao Johaooa. Tbo plclaraa Uar.od ara unmoroua, and '
oabraea aaaaa af tba Snoot bpaaltaana to tba aUp of
Amarlcaa, rtaaob.Oarmaa aad Dutob artiata. Wa aba!
raoarra far aaothor aacaaloa our atriaturao upoa tba
now war**, m wa do oat prufbaa ta ba abla ta judga of
tbalr qnailtleo bp gu Mgbt. It would bo well If tba bad
bablt of aihlbltlo| platuraa la thla ataanav caald bodawo
awap wltb, bu| wa praafima that aa long aa faahloa laada
ita MaotlM ibart fill ba M* aoa if
: ffwutp