No decisive movement took place in the Army of
the Potomac yeBtcrday. General Jackson and
General Sigel had some skirmishing, and the forces
of General Lee emplojed those of General Burnside
in like manner; but without any more important
result than nsnally follows outpost collisions of
this character.
The rebel cavalry under General Stuart ad
vanced towards Warrenton, to reconnoitre, but
were met by General Pleasanton's men, who gave
them a severe check. The rebel pickets are lying
along the banks of the Rappahannock.
Everything would seem to indicate the approach
of a grand struggle between the two armies; at
what precise point, or at what momeet it may
occur, it is not possible jost now to determine.
Rnmors were rife at Harper's Perry yesterday
that Stonewall Jackson had crossed the Upper Po
tomac near Sharpsburg, but there was no further
foundation for the report than the fact that the
videttes of the rebels appeared at that point.
The two officers of General McClellan's staff
who had been recently arrested and sent<to Wash
ington?Lieutenant Colonel Colburn and Captain
Duane?have been released from an arrest, which
appears to have been merely tenrhmcal, -nd are
ordered to report for duty; the latter to General
Bra una n. in South Carolina, and the former, Colo
nel Colburn, takes < harge of an important bureau
in the Adjutant General's office.
It is stated, npon the authority of the Savannah 1
Republican, that the Union forces made an attack
upon St. Mary's, Georgia, on Sunday, and were
repulsed, hut that our gitnboats?upon the failure
i
of oar troops to effect a landing?opened upon the
town with shell, aud completely destroyed it.
A skirmish between the rebel General Forrest's
cavalry and our troops, near Franklin, Tenn., oc
curred on Tuesday last, but after a short fight, in
which (according to the Grenada Appeal) we lost
twenty killed and fifty or sixty wounded, the re
bels withdrew; upon the arrival of reinforcements
to our army.
The Persia, at this port, brings European news
to the!?th instant, two days later.
The most important point of the intelligence is
contained in a statement made by the Paris corres
pondent of the Ixmdon Times, who says that it was
rumored in Paris that overtures has been or were to
be made by France to the Russian government, with
a view to taking into serious consideration the state
of affairs in America ; the disastrous effects of the
civil war on Europe generally ; and whether the
time had not come for the three Powers to make a
move towards mediation in the American war, or
recognition of the Confederate States.
The London Herald, organ of the Derby aristo
crats, affirms that the proposal had not only been
made, bnt had received the assent of the Cabinet
of St. Petersburg, and that it remained for the
British government to decide whether it will con
cur in tendering n joint mediation.
The Roo, of Madrid, of Nov. 1, publishes a Paris
letter, in which It is stated that General Concha
Is negotiating with the French government on the
Mexican question, conformably to new instrnc
tions of the Madrid Cabinet, The Uorrenpoiulan
cia.ol Madrid, declares that the General has no
Other orders than those given when the embassy
Was confided to him.
The Spanish West India fleet it to be reinforced
%j five war vessels.
- A report was current in Birmingham, England,
on the 6th instant, that the owners of the steamers
leaving Liverpool for New York*had Just declined
Abe risk of continuing to carry packages of small
verm- to the Northern States, The rumor coold not
Ix traced to any anthentic source; "but there
6>ciu* no reason to doubt,'' says the Birmingham
W, "thai s check has been given to the ship
an nt of these articles."
Mr. Chsrles Buxton. M. P., son of Powell Buz
to ,, en ii nt foi his anti-slavery advocacy, had
exprr ? <i hie -ympathv with the slaveowners of
till- J-'O 1 It.
MXBCSLLAJreOUB 1EWS.
The steamship Tratoou, Captain Taube, from
Southampton on tho 5th of November, arrived a1
thia port at an early boor yesterday morning.
The Persia, from Queenstown on the 9th instant,
arrived at this port last night. Her news is two
days later than the advioes of the Anglo-Saxon.
Consols closed in London on the 8th instant at
93*i a y3??. The Paris Bourse was firm on the 8th
instant. The IJverpool cotton market was very
dull and prices easier on the 8th of Nevember.
Provisions were heavy. Breadstuff's were quiet
but steady.
M. de Persigny, in a circular to the French
prefects, declares that M. Thouveoel's dismissal,
and M. Drouyn de l'Huys1 appointment to
the office of Minister of Foreign Affairs, indi
cate no change in Napoleon's Italian policy. The
Emperor has always intended "neither to sacrifice
the Pope to Italy nor Italy to the Pope." Gari
baldi's health continued about the same. He had
been removed to another district during his con
valescence. The Prince of Wales and the Crown
Prince and Princess of Prussia had arrived at
Naples, and were about to pay a short visit to
Rome. The Turkish government had been thrown
into much agitation by the Greek revolution, and a
council of war had been held in Constantinople for
the purpose of taking measures with a view to
repel any possible attack from the side of Greece.
The perpetration of a gross fraud on the Eng
lish turf by aristocratic confederated " catch bet"
men, and the consequent birth of a grand " turf
scandal," bid lair to divert the attention of the
ruling classes of Great Britain from the American
question completely. The case arose out of a trans
action which took place between Colonel Burnaby,
Captain Stewart and Mr. Ten Broeck, which
ended in Mr. Ten Broeck losing a bet to Captain
Stewart of a hundred pounds to one pound on the
spelling of the word reindeer, which name had
been given to a horse by certain interested parties
in exchange for that of Palm Oil. The bet was
made at Mamhead, Sir Lydston Newman's seat.
The word reindeer is ordinarily spelt with an "e,"
and Mr. Teu Btoeek bet a hundred to one that it is
so spelt, and the bet was taken by Capt. Stewart,
clogged with the couditiou that it should be de
rided by "Johnson." which is perhaps the only
dictionary in common use whicli states "raindeer"
to be the proper spelling. It was alleged that the
bet was a "bubble." made up between Colonel
Burnaby and Captain Stewart: and it appears from
the correspondence that the Hon. 11. Lawley testi
fied iu writing that "Captain" Stewart, in the pre
sence of Mrs. Lawley and himself, had owned to
having discussed the spelling of the word reindeer
with Colonel Burnaby before any betting com
menced, and that they made a 'bubble' bet on the
subject prior to any further wagers on the sub
ject." Subsequently, however, this testimony was
withdrawn, Mr. Lawley asserting that it was given
under a misunderstanding of the case, and Admiral
Rous apologized to Colonel Burnaby.
The steamship America, Captain Maury, from
Greytown and Havana, arrived at this port yester
day. She brought five hundred and thirty-four
paasengers, who left San Francisco on the steamer
Moses Taylor. The health of the Isthmus was ex
cellent, and the transit ronte in fine condition.
The serenade to General McClellan last evening
was a most brilliant affair, notwithstanding the
inclemency of the weather. Thousands were pre
sent on the occasion, and all seemed to vie with
each other as to who could do him the most honor.
The enthusiasm was honest?nothing feigned
about it.
The two democratic city conventions met again
yesterday at Tammany Hall, and settled their
troubles amicably, by nominating Mathew T.
Breunan for Comptroller and John E. Devclin for
Corporation Counsel.
At the police headquarters, Broome street, the
case of the alleged arbitrary imprisonment of Mrs.
Brinsmade was yesterday the subject of an exami
nation before the Police Commissioners. Com
missioner Bowcn presided. Superintendent Ken
nedy's official conduct in the premises was the
special subject of investigation. He was rep
resented through .counsel by ex-Jndge Dean,
Mr. Barlow being present as the friend of Mrs.
Brinsmade, not especially as counsel. The matter
has assumed general importance, and the full re
port which we give in another place will be read
with much interest. Provost Marshal Baker, of
Washington city, and the officer (Bowles) who es
corted Mrs. Brinsmade from Washington to New
York, according to the evidence, deserve the se
verest censure of those in authority over them, for
their disgraceful conduct to a defenceless young
lady, over whom circnmstances gave them a tem
porary authority. The Police Board here are in
earnest in bringing everything to light, so that pun
ishment. if deserved, shall be visited upon the
offender. The government at Washington should
do the same thing with respect to. their officers.
The investigation stands adjourned till Monday
next.
The Board of Councilmen did not organize la.-t
evening, for want of a quorum.
At the meeting of the Commissioners of Public
Charities and Correction yesterday, the billowing
statement was submitted:?Number of inmates
remaining in the various institutions to the bth
J instant, 6,244; admitted since, died. 33; dis'
charged. 1,198; sent to Bla< kwell's Island, 2H1 to
State Prison, 1: number remaining up to the ! 5th
instant, 0,307?increase since la9t week's rt
port, 63.
In an order issued by Gen. Sherman, at Mem
phis, he says:?" The *iatnt of tha negro is .nvolv
ed in the war now existing, and will in its progress
! be clearly determined. In the meantime runaway
slaves must be treated as free, and peon,c cu ou
raged to give them employment as such.
It is stated that the government has ordered the
names of one hundred commissioned officers to be
stricken from the army list on account of absence
from duty. This is only the commencement.
Nearly all the loyal States will celebrate their
Thanksgiving this year on the 37th inst. Vermont
will be the only exception, Gov. Holbrook having
appointed Thursday, December 4.
The Twelfth, Sixteenth, Sixty-sixth, Sixty
ninth, Seventy-first and five companies of the Fif
ty-fifth Indiana regiment, taken prisoners and pa
roled at Richmond, Kentucky; the Fiftieth, Sixti
eth, Sixty-seventh, Sixty-eighth, Eighty-nintb and
part of the Seventeenth and Seventy-fourth, taken
at Munfordsville, including their officers, have all
been exchanged, and are under murchhig order*
for the field of operations.
Judgo James H. Birch, of Missouri, has given
notiee that he will contest the election of his ad
versary in the Sixth Congressional district of that
State. Austin A. King has been declared the suc
cessful candidate.
The slock msrkot opened dull yesterday morning fell
off between the boards, rallied at tbe second beard, and
closed strong at an advance. Money was in active de
mand at 7 per cent. Exchange was dull at 144 a 144ft
Gold sold at 130)4 a 130^, and closed at 130H bid Tbe
trade tables of tbe port of New York for the month Of
October will be found In tbe money article.
Cotton was more freely offered yesterday, and price* ol
middlings were down to 6Sc. a OPc , mainly at 68,tic. *
69c , but at even these reduced figure buyers seemed re
luctant to operate, and no im|>oriaoL transactions were
reported. A further reduction took place in tbe value of
flour (6c. a toe. per bbl ) and of wheat (lc. a 9c , per
bushel), without eliciting a batter Inquiry. A moderate
demand prevailed fbr corn, which was quoted steidy
The sales of coffee, molaaaas, rice, teas, sugars, hay, hope,
hides, fruit, seeds and tallow were quite moderate,
though pilose were unaltered. Petroleum was tower,
heavy at the ekwe. Quite an active bus nets was report
?4 lb pork, which was dearer, as well as in tier, e beef,
butter and cbewu\ which wore very firm. Tbe sales of
wool and whiskey were fair, and the market n>r . ach
(irons Tbe freight market was veryllim, but quiet,
partly in consequent*of the stormy weather
Til' War Ml III* Republican Pr***?Tli*
?*w Baa* and It* Dangers.
Evtr since the elections the republican jour
nals hare been trying to explain away the force
of the popular verdict against their party. They
have attributed the result to various causes,
some of them very laughable. The I rilmne one
day made out a list of nine. But the general
cause on which all the radical papers agree is
the mismanagement of the war. We entirely
concur with them. That is the true cause. As
for the arbitrary arrests, they are only a farce.
The blunders in the war are tragedy of tlie
darkest kind. Th* unconstitutional arrests and
incarcerations have been for the most pert of
persons so obscure that nobody knew or cared
anything about them. Generally speaking, they
were unnecessary and unwise, and it is a source
of gratification to the people that at least in
this State they will end with the present year.
But those proceedings arc not the chief cause of
the republican defeats and conservative vic
tories in the recent elections. The cause is, as
the radical journals contend, the management
of the war.
ffut who are responsible for this? Surely
the managers. The republican parly had the
exclusive management la their own hands, and
they alone are to blame for failure. At
least the people are of that opinion. From
all the evidence that has reached us,
the Cabinet at Washington is answer
able for the pftneipal errors and
shortcomings which have resulted in failure.
Jhe Prince de Joinville, a high minded, honor
able witness, whose sympathies are completely
with the government and the Northern States?
and who had the best opportunities of knowing
all about the campaign in the peninsula, has, in
his lucid narrative, distinctly saddled the cause
of failure upon the authorities at Washington;
and his testimony is amply confirmed by other
witnesses. Heaven grant that more disastrous
failures may not be in store for the nation.
The Cabinet has just broken up the fall cam
paign without result, and chqpged the base of
operations from the Upper to the Lower Po
tomac. opening a new winter campaign from
Aquia creek and Fredericksburg. Instead of
marching on Richmond by Culpepper and Gor
donsville, along the base of the Blue Ridge, and
crossing the higher waters of the Rappahan
nock and the Rapidan, the route by which Pope
advanced and retreated, it is determined to
cross the Lower Rappahannock, at Fredericks
burg, the Mattapony, the North and South
Anna, or the two streams united in the Fumun
key. We cannot ted how successful this cam
paign may be. Oar hopes have been disapooitd
ed before, and they may be again. But we trust
that this time victory will crown the expedition
against the rebel capital. Let plenty or men
be sent forward, and let them be well furnished
with clothing and all the munitions of war. f.<-t
an ample force be left to guard a line of ope
rations extending sixty miles through ? difficult
country, cuf up by ravines and streams. Let u
sharp lookout be kept for the safety of either
flank of the advancing columns, and good care
taken that the enemy, by a sudden mid, tie not
cut off communication with the base, or even by
a raid destroy the trains of supplies: for it would
be in vain to hope for provisions for such an
army in the wasted district through which it is
destined to move.
But. whilo these operations arp going forward,
let the masters of the art of war at Washington
beware, lest when the army reaches Richmond
it may find it evacuated, as it was intended to ,
do when the rebel capital was in danger on a |
former occasion. Even if the city should not
be made another Moscow, as the rebels have
threatened, its possession would be a poor com- '
pensation for the loss of Washington. It is
possible that, while the I'nion army is znoviug
South along tLe eastern border of the State, the
rebel army may be stealthily moving North along
the mountains lying to the westward, and that
just when Burnside is about to enter Richmond
unopposed and with flying colors, we may dis
cover, too late, that Lee,baring rapidly i lurched
back from Gordonsville. and Jackson, having
descended through one of the gap- of the Bine
Ridge, have captured Washington after cms ing
the Upper Potomac; or. if thai should not be
practicable, on account of a rise in the river
from heavy r dns, that they may have destroyed
the city by bombardment from Vrlington
Heights.
There can be uocomparison between the two
prizes. It would be like sacrificing a kuight in
a game of chess in order to get a queen and
gi\e checkmate. Richmond would be of small
consequence to the rebels if they could only
get hold of Washington. The captur?- or do
st Miction of an insurgent city, temporarily
mude the capital of Rebeldom, is of little mo
ment compared with the capture or destruction
| of the insurgent army. The capital may be
j changed again, as it has already been once.
, without seriously affecting the cause of the
relJols. But destroy their army and the robel
1 lion most necessarily collapse. While, there
fore, every exertion is made to achieve the cap
ture of Richmond before the close of the year
let it not be at the co6t of Washington captured
or burned; and above all let it not be with im"
punity to the great rebel armies of Jackson and
Lee.
The Revolution In (ireece?tfnrrow Vlcwi
of 10 tig Hah SUtunnn.
Tbe quiet manner in which King Ot.ho has
been dismissed from his situation us King of
Greet* by bis discontented subject*, and tbe
easy, careless way in w hich the King left for for
eign parts, form a remarkable event in history.
There Is nothing melodramatic iu the transac
tion on both aider?no bloodshed, bo threaten
ing*. no collisions. Perhaps (hit is the reason
why such important events as the dethronement
of a king aud a great popular revolution have
excited so little utteuliou on both sides of the
Atlantic- Greece, it ia true, Is a small country,
a poor territory, and plays a- yet no great part
on the political chessboard of Europe But. It
1* a country rich in lii-torh recollection*, and
it* oaople are d< .-conduct* of a uution which
was the great teacher of Europe, the seat of
leainihc and civilization, flu pan nt ol iris and
science, the land Of philosophy and philosophers,
j which ha- produced 1 he greatest painter*, souip
i tors, metaphysicians and poets that til. world
( ever saw. Tin uprising of *ucb a people de
serves at least some attention, and the course
which the provisional government may now
pursue In the organization of tbe oountry is a
matter of much interest. Who can toll but that
Greece, freed fiom the drowsy despotism of Its
Bavarian ruleis, may become the nucleus of
auothii great nation aud another great Power
in Sarepo The Christian population ol Turkey
i* said io exceed in Bombers tiro Mohammedan
p pvluilon, in tbe r ?lit of twehe 'o four, Why
then should act Turkey iu Est op* become a
great independent Christian nation, which it
would soon do if the Christian races obtained
the predominancy f
The great Powers of Europe, with singular
blindness, look with almost contempt and scorn
upon this revolution in Greece. If England
was awake to her own interests she might see
in this movement an opportunity of defeating
the ambitious schemes of Russia upon Turkey,
by diplomacy and timely aid to the Greeks, bet
ter than by another war like that of the Crimea.
Turkey in Europe must shortly become an ap
panage of the overgrown empire of Russia or
an independent Christian empire. An immense
quantity of blood must be shed before Europe
will consent to see Turkey become a province
of Russia; but by enlarging the territory of
Greece, and annexing a few of the neighboring
provinces to her rule, a great Christian Power
would be established in Europe, which would
soon swallow up the enfeebled remnants of the
Turkish European empire.
What a chance England seems on the point
of losing, from want of enlightened statesmen,
of establishing a balance of power on the Con
tinent, which would avert the daugers of a uni
versal empire on the part of Russia or France.
But English statesmen are too much engaged In
petty artifices to weaken, and, if possible, to de
stroy, this great transatlantic republic, by as
sisting pirates to fit up marauding vessels, to
open their eyes wide enough to take an en
larged and comprehensive view of things more
nearly concerning them at home in their own
world.
Greece is a country full of interest at the
present moment, and we cannot but call atten*
tion To the great events transpiring there. If
the other Powers of Europe suffer Russia to
take Ibis new and rising empire under her
special proiection, Greece, with all Turkey, will
soon sink into Russian vassalage, and become
another Poland, added to the already gigantic
proportion, of that vast and spreading empire.
Vi rDum sap.
Trouble ijrhintl flic Scenes of the Cabinet
and tlie Opera.
The President is not alone in the misfortune
of a divided Cabinet. What with Reward and
C!tn:-e, Blair and Stanton, Bates and Welles,
Pre-ideut Lincoln has his hands pretty well
filiod; but there are other people in the world
quite as much bothered about such matters as
himself, IT Honest Old Abe belongs to that
school of philosophers who believe that misery
loves company and solace themselves by re
garding the misfortunes of others, let him look
at Grau. the impressario of our Academy of
Music, and be comforted. Grait, like the Presi
denl. wears a smiling face and good clothes; but
he has a -ecrct grief nevertheless. Somehow
or other, Giai has caught the President's com
plaint. J iis?'abinet is no more united than that
at Washington. His generals agree about as
well as the Kilkenny cats. Lincoln has his
Moplii.-topholflfi Chase. Grau has his Mephisto
(?boles Muzio.
Klmularly enough, the troubles of President
l>iucolu nod Manager Grau arise from causes not
dissimilar. A peep behind the scenes of the Opera,
therefore, may very likely give us a hint of
what is going on behind the scenes of the Ca
binet. It appears that Madame Guerrabella was
rehearsing one morning, with Grignoli and Susi
ni, while Muzio accompanied the singers in his
unequalled stylo upon the pianoforte. The utter
ances and the hearts of the quartette were in ten
dor harmony. Guerrabolla, with one ofher bright
est smiles, complimented Muzio by saying that
she would like to sing one of his compositions, in
order to show her appreciation of his merit as
a con.p"-er. a conductor aud a man. Muzio, as
is well known, is the nephew of the great Ver.
di. and can writo quite as good music as his
uncle. His songs, his fantasias, his barcaroles,
his melodies, are most delicious. If he were
not already universally celebrated as a conduc
tor. he would be illustrious as a composer.
With his accustomed grace, therefore, he con
sented to write a charming bit of music for the
beautiful Guerrabella. stipulating only that she
should furnish the Italian words. An arrange
ment more satisfactory could not have been
devised : for Guerrabella is a capital linguist
and can compose, as well as look, poetry in any
languugc from French to Russian. The party
separated in the best possible humor with each
other and themselves. Guerrabella retired to
iuvoke the mu^es. Muzio, who Is independent
of the muses, went to work single handed to
embody in music one of those exquisite concep*
tions which seem always floating through his
brain and brightening up his countenance with
a remarkably enchanting smile
The next morning Guerrabella. while ponder
ing over her poetry, received the music from
Mu/.io: but with it came a note which drove all
the poetry of tho affair out of her head. This
note stated that Muzio's irrepressible ardor had
'ndnced him to sit up all night to finish the
music, and enclosed a bill for one hundred
dollars as the price of the composition A
development more unexpected cannot be Ima
gined. < >f course a piece of music over which
m) admirable a composer had burned the mid
night ga? was cheap at one hundred dollars;
but then the lovely Guerrabella did not want
the muric, and had only offered to sing it out of
compliment to Muzio. Decidedly she would no*
pay the bill, under these circumstances, and
so sent the music back. Muzio, taking a dif.
forest view of the affair, locked up his rejected
melody, and calmly awaited the opportunity
for his revenge. Wednesday night came, and
Guerrabella appeared for the first time in the
"Daughter ef the Regiment." Muzio smiled
i grimly, waved his baton and started the orches
i trR half a note too high. The consequence was
| thai the -ingcrs and the orchestra made most
terrible discord. It was as if two operas were un
der way at the same time?the dramatis persona*
singing one and the orahestra playing tha other.
1 Tlieglorieus Guerrabella strained her voice in
j vain. Grignoli?the best tenor we have had since
! Mario?looked as indignant in Tonic's soldier
j clothes aa if he had been unexpectedly drafted,
; refused to sing any of his beautiful romanzas,
and finally stalked off the stage In disgust.
| Siisini. who seems always jolly, cams out strong,
; like an operatic Mark 'i'apley, and did the sing
| iuir lor the whole company. Mepbistopheles
Muzio persisted m his hall a note too high, and
l the curtain fell upon a tableau of disorder,
j Only the initiated can imagine the acenea
I which ensued. MephiatopheleaMuzio, laughing
I in his sleeve. Kept out of harm's way. Guerra
| bellu imitated Nloht, and became all tears.
Brignoll vaai'-d hi" wis th upon poor Grau, who
understand" only the rv? etpt ol t lie Opera, and
does nut know or oar* whether the musical
| notfH at e too > 'gh or too low, so that the bank
notes or* sufficiently nuinaroiu. The redoubt
able 1)11 man. who knows all s iont music, but
gabuof manage money, ondeaw.yil to compro
| nuae matters, like a genial Secretary Sa ward.
All such efforts failed, however, and this ?'er7
pretty quarrel is still raging. We hope tfcbO'
those concerned will settle it at once. If Mu
zio must have jus hundred dollars, we are will
to open a subscription for him. Then let
mutual apologies, explanations and reconcilia
tions follow. The public cannot allow such
estimable artists and such a splendid conductor
to be at variance. Meanwhile let President
in coin see in this imbroglio a mimic repre
sentation of the dissensions in his own Cabinet.
Mephistoplieles Chase, like Mephistopheles Mu
zio, has set his music half a note too high. The
conservative members of the Cabinet cannot
?unionize on that extra note of the radical abo
li'ou policy. Let the President correct this
and straighten out Secretary Chase's fiuaucial
blunders, and we shall soon have the happiness
of announcing that sweet concord is restored
in the Cabinet at Washington as well as dons
les co>disst8 of the Academv.
The War in Mexico?Its Probable
Finale.
The recent advices from Mexico are conclu
sive of the determination of the constitutional
government to defond every foot of its terri
tory against the French. What is more import,
ant than the mere expression of this resolve?
not always to be relied upon in Mexican un
dertakings?is the actual show of energy that i9
beiug made by the government, and the appa
rent absorption of party ami personal differ
ences in a general determination to maintain
intact the independence of the country. On
the assembling of the Mexican Congress, at the
close of September, earnest appeals were made
to the patriotism of the people bv President
Juarez and the leading members of his Cabinet.
The result has been that several of the leading
reactionary.chiefs have giveu iu their adhesion
to the administration, and the corporations of
most of the cities throughout the republic have
protested against any change of government, or
any interference with their internal affairs on
the part of the French?an important fact, which
deprives the latter of all pretext fyr their
achemes of a monarchy or protectorate. But
it is not by diplomatic measures alone that
President Juarez is strengthening himself
against the effort that is being made by a
foreign government to forcibly strip him
of the authority of which he is the
constitutional depositary. Preparations of
the most extensive and formidable character
are being made all along the approaches to the
capital to resist, the enemy. Pucbla is reported
to have been converted into a second Sebasto
pol, nearly fire thousand of the citizens of Mexi
co having been kept constantly employed upon
the fortifications. Large concentrations of
troops are being effected in and about the
capital, besides those that are being massed
at all the important positions leading to it.
General Comonfort is spoken of for the chief
command?in many respects a good appoint
ment, but more especially recommendable from
its tendency to reunite firmly all classes of the
liberals.
One of the most commendable acts of vigor
on the part of the government is its expul
sion from the republic of the banker Jecker
and six other Frenchmen, through whose in
trigues and fraudulently trumped up claims
the invasion of the country has been brought
about. The foreign ministers resident in Mexico
are said to have protested against this proceed
ing; but the government replied with becoming
firmness that these individuals had broken their
neutrality, and that the decree must be carried
into effect. Had similar energy been displayed
in the commencement of these difficulties, the
probabilities are that there would have been
no war.
On the side of the French the preparations
are being rapidly completed for an advance
upon the capital. During the last fortnight in
October close upon fourteen thousand men. in
fantry, cavalry and artillery, were landed at
Vera Cruz, making the aggregate of the French
force now in Mexico upwards of twenty thou
sand men. Ten thousand more were expected
in the course of the present month.
To resist this army, supposing it to be the fi.ll
extent of the expedition, the Mexicans are said
to have a well organized force of fifty thousand
men. which, if the spirit of the people be
thoroughly aroused, can be indefinitely in
creased. Now. admitting that the French suc
ceed in fighting their way to the city of Mexico,
which is quite probable, owing to their supe
rior discipline and experience in the field, how
many, is it supposed, out of these thi rty thou
sand men, will gel there? The force which
General Scott took with him into Mexico did
not. with the reinforcements sent to him. amount
to a less number. Of these he hud only nine
thousand when he entered the capital, his losses
by sickness largely exceeding the casualties in
the field. Is it to be expected that disease will
make less havoc in the ranks of the French
than amongst our hardy volunteers, or that the
Mexicans will fight less well than they did in the
war with us? On the contrary, they have gained
largely since then in military experience, and
some of their generals are reputed to be as
capable as any in the European or Americun
armies. It is certain, then, that if the city of
Mexico is ever taken by the French it will be
at a sacrifice of men and money that will render
it a most costly acquisition, and one that it will
be impossible to retain. All the superfluous
blood and treasure of Franee could not per
manently secure such a conquest, still less so
when the close of the rebellion leaves us free to
act The further this foolish enterprise pro*
grasses, the more we are satisfied that, unless
Loads Napoleon takes some early pretext to back
out of it, he will find his Moscow in Mexico as
surely as did his uncle in Russia.
SrpxRijiTKNDKNT Kknnkdt on Tkiai,.?Yester
day Mr. John A. Kennedy, Superintendent of
the Metropolitan Police and ex-Provost Marshal,
was pnt on his trial before the Commissioners
on the charge of arbitrarily arresting and de
taining in custody for a rather unreasonable
period a very pretty woman from New Orleans,
on the grotind of singing secession songs. The
zealous Superintendent put a detective on the
lady's track, who followed her to Washington
from New York, and there eff'eeted the arrest,
without, it la alleged, either due process of law
or authority from the War Department. To
arrest this lady.for such a cause is certainly
absurd and ridiculoug. Songs do not always
express the sentiments of those who sing thein;
and, even If they did. if they are sung in pri.
vate. nnd not In the streets, there is no room
for the Interference of a policeman. Lynx
eyed General Butler, who gave her a pass to
New York, could ndt have been ignorant of
her songs nnd her sentiments. Yet, severe as
be is reported to be against women, he did not
think proper to order her arrest. Here, where
there Is no rebellion, the exceesive seal of *
oiril functionary, untempereft with cUkore
tion, has outstripped the vigor of the
military commandant of the rebel oity <jjf
jNcw Orleans. But there are worse cases
tha.1 this on the calendar of leUrts de each4
and %'? think thero has been an unnecessary
fuss mnyte about Mr. Kennedy. All such ar
rests and imprisonments will be abolished in
this State onr Jhe 1st of January, with the instal
lation of the now Governor, who will permit
no man to be arrested or detained contrary to
law. And if, after that date, any one of the Sec
retaries who have authorized such proceedings
should show himself in this vicinity, he stands
a good chance of being arrested himself and
placed in so secure a place that it will be found
very difficult to take him out.
Aw Abolition Orator la Disguise.
Wolves in sheep's clothing are by no mean8
rare. One of them was detected at Irving Hall
on Wednesday evening. T. Mason Jones is the
name of the individual in question. Mr. Joasfl
came over to this country from England to de'
liver lectures. He had made some little repu
tation among Americans in Europe by being
wise enough to oppose the rebels, and upon the
strength of this recommendation he was most
kindly received here. He was advertised te
give orations in a very fluent, popular style,
and the papers did the best they could to pro*
enre him an audience and a lair trial. The sub'
ject of his lecture on Wednesday evening was
"Curran and the Wits and Orators of the Irish
Bar.'' A lecture upon such a subject could,
scarcely fail to be interesting and amusing.
Consequently Mr. Jones had a very good
uudience to listen to him
What was the surprise and indignation of
Mr. Jones* auditors, however, when, in the
middle of bis lecture, be dragged in abolition
ism by the heels, and began to upbraid
the country with the dreadful siu of slavery'
What had abolitionism in America to do with
the wits and orators of the Irish bar? Curran,
to be sure, once avowed himself in favor ot
universal emancipation, and Mr. Jones quoted
passages from his speech upon the subject
Such quotations were unwise and ill-timed; but
still no one objected to them. It was only
when Mr. Jones left Curran's stilts, and lec
tured the audience about abolitionism in prv
pria personal, that the trouble began. It is by
no means pleasant to pay fifty cents in order to
hear that you are the "derision of the world,"
especially when a bargain was explicitly made
beforehand that you were to be told, not about
abolitionism, but about Curran and his com
panions. If the public had been aware that
Jones was only an abolition orator in diguise,
he would have delivered bis oration to a very
beggarly account of empty benches. The people
know where to get abolitiou lectures in plenty
without going to Jones. There Is Wendell
Phillips, who can talk Jones out of his boots.
There is Brudder Beecher?a much bet
ter speaker than Jones?who gives vent
to an abolition oration, called a sermon,
at Plymouth churoh, Brooklyn, every
.Sunday evening; and any one can listen to him
at no expense except for ferriage. a It was pre
cisely because the public did not want to hear
an abolition lecture, and expected something
much better, that Jones was patronized. Te
disappoint these expectations was a very weak
sort of a swindle.
Naturally, as soon as Jones' abolitionism waa
discovered all the respectable part of the
audience left the hall. For some minutes a
disturbance seemed inevitable; Jones was hear
tily hissed, and the ladies rushed tumultously
to the doors. This is the first time that Irving
Hall has ever been disgraced by any such scene
Beyond all question, Jones, and not the audi*
ence, is responsible for the trouble. He knows,
if be knows anything, that this everlasting
babble about abolitionism caused the civil war
which is now desolating the homes of this coun
try. He knows that the question of abolition
ism is one upon which controversy is violent
and feeling deep. Ordinary politeness should
have taught a perfect stranger like Jones not
to meddle with this subject?not to touch upon
a matter which is now causing the shedding ot
the best blood and the wasting of the beet
resources of the cquntry. Ordinary busi
ness tact should have induced him to select
only those themes which would seriously
offend no one, and to treat them from
the rostrum accordingly. Ordinary honesty
should have led him to announce an abolition
lecture, if he thought it his duty to deliver one,
and then be would doubtless have had an appro
priate audience to listen to his harungue. It
the abolitionists have brought Jones over hero
fresh from England to do a little of their dirty
work/let them pay him bis wages out of Gree
ley's profits on guns, and not attempt to hum
hug the conservative people of this city into
supporting him. Greeley himself could make
quite as good a speech, and would be too
shrewd to lot the abolition cat out of tbe bag
so soon. We advise Jones to go back to Eng
land, now that he is discovered and can be of
no more assistance to the abolitionists. Al
ready we have had trouble enough and talk
enough about abolitionism from our own citi
zens. end ere by no means in the mood to be
rebuked end sermonized by an orator from
England. If Jones refuses to follow good ad
vice, and persists in remaining here, however,
let the abolitionists take care of him, and let
all good, loyhl citizens leave him very severely
alone.
Grkat Union Demonstration in Mcmphis.-.
In the Memphis Bulletin of the 11th instant a
whole page is taken up with the description and
proceedings of a grand popular Union demon*
strntion in said city on the 10th. Three thona'
and citizens were in the procession, and the
banners and mottoes, liberty cars, speeches and
resolutions marked the spirit of the occasion to
be of the most enthusiastic character in favor
of the Union, and of the vigorous prosecution of
the war for the suppression of the rebellion.
The people of Memphis are convinced of the
power of the general government. Hence their
emphatic and enthusiastic loyalty. Let the
same power be made manifest at Richmond,
and we shall have the same popular reaction
there, and so throughout the South. All that
we want to secure the speedy triumph of the
Union cause is a vigorous prosecution of the war
aid no going into winter quarters.
VsMlar>
Cainon, Not. 20,1102.
The publisher* of the Chicago dally papers held a meet
log last night to consider the great Increase In the pries
of white paper and other Items, which bars Increased
the cost of publication. They reeolred to advance the
price of dallies and triweeklies twenty-fire par cant, sad
weeklies Olty par can;.

xml | txt