THE SITUATION.
Tho news from Chattanooga is glorious. The
flghliog of three days ha* ended in the complete
fiefeut of the enemy yesterday. Lookout Moun- i
tain was occupied by the troops of Generul 1
Hooker, who took 2.000 prisoners, and the rebels
fled from every position which they held. General 1
Bragg has made 6 full retreat, Ieavfng all the strong
points for which we were contending in our possession.
We have not yet received the list of
casualties, but we fcro assured that they are ,
hot heavy, while those of the enemy are put down i
Its mu^h greater than ours. Our loss of field oRl- <
fcers appears to be considerable. The fighting at '
ihe Ridge was very severe. Two dosperatc assaults
were made, in the latter of which our troops
broke the centre of the enemy's line and drove
them down the Western slope and across the ridge i
of the Chicamauga. It is probable that we have ,
oaptured in all fully 5,000 prisoners or more. Gen.
pooker is expected to intercept the Dying enemy
in the vicinity of Rosaville.
Official despatches from General Grant and
General Thomas were received at the War Depart
mom yeauruay oomaining an acoount of thi suefeeaeful
progress of event* op to a late lionr on
Tuesday, the final reaulta of which we hava given
fcbove. The receipt of these despatches created
tmich aatiafaction in Washington. 1
AU intelligence from General Rurnaide repre- |
ftenta hia position at Knoxviile aa perfectly safe 1
ted hia communications open, although the city is
closely inveated by robel batteries and rifle pits,
the latter being within a short distance of Ge
Aeral Burneide's works on the north side. Tho
(K' lth aide, however, remains open.
<3t r Tbc contemplated advance of General Meado'a
? * '
army has been iudefiultoly postponed, it ia said, in
Consequence of the premature disclosure of the
|>lan of action by a Washington newspaper (the
Chronicle) to which, tt would appear, aome confidential
statements were made by a high official
of the government, greatly to the diagnst and annoyance
of General Mcadu.
Jefferson Pavia was at Orange Court House on
(Saturday. He is temporarily the guest of General
Rt.
The news from Charleston is not very interestfag.
The firing on Ports Sumter, Moultrie, John oa
and Bimpkin* on Monday (our latest accounts)
was not very heavy. The shelling of the city was
for the time aupended.
, MISCELLANEOUS NKWB.
? The atcamship Arabia, from Liverpool on the
15th Inst., reaohed Halifax yeskerday on her
voyage to Boston. Her news Is three days later,
i Th^French government baa informed Mr. Dayton
that their views on the Atnericau question are
Unchanged. Tlyy have not recognized the South,
fkud consequently have not alpted the treaty for
the acquisition of Louisiana, as reported.
A North American writer adv: eaten a peace
In the oolumna of the London Times, based on the
ecognltion of the South, the establishment of two
American confederacies, the adoption of a com*
tnon tariff for both, and the declaration of the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers us free waters. In the
event of Maryland voting to Join the South, the
* poaqaehanna and Chesapeake rivers to be also
free.
The B glish frigate Phantom, naw on tha North
American atation, had been ordered to Charleston,
j It "la said that M. Drouyn de Lhuys is engaged
So drawing up a State paper explanatory of (he
vhlrh VanrtltAfi ti tA submit to the Knrn.
|pean Congreta.
Three Kngliah Cabinet eouneile had separated
vriilioot agreeing on a definite reply to Napoleon's
propoaltion for a Congress.
t , Anatria, it la aaid, will n?t mo*a until the course
whiok England will take I* known.
Hp*ln, it la alleged, will aend relegates to the
Congreaa, but aome of the Hpaniah journali treat
the matter with nome Indifference.
The Inveatigatton by the Ttrkti?h Hoard of TraJe
Of the ciroumatancea attnu lin# the late accident to
the Ounard ?team-hp Africa, reaulted in the auaktenaloa
of Captain Rtona'a certificate for atx
non\ki.
(U>na?la cloaed In I.jndon, on the 14th instant, at
a for money. Atneri< an soenritira *<re
Mull. The Liverpool cotton market clo-rd fl it on
fche Ulh Inatant. Breadstuff* were steady and !
^trovlal^na inactive.
? The Board of Conncllraen st?nds adjournal nn?il
Monday evening next, nt fo:ir o'clock.
I The decision of Jndgp Nc'.son in reaped to gnn*>y
cloth, U mo'tjir.portant to pcrsOBa engaged In
I V -' Kaat fnota tr^Ji!, and will tend to atop th*
y|P'gf exportation of mcr<.b<tn liae to foreign j
>
N
l?orU, to avoid the rat? of July imjimed heretofore.
The democrats eK-ct<><f all tln ir andidatcu at
the town election in Hartford un the 2Uil ia->t.
The l?r,rt? Tall in jn'id, im ' l<,ned bv the f:ivor<btn newR
from Genar.il Crmi . ui.m'ttled the market- In some u*
tent <n \v.?T f.-d .y and restricted business frailly.
Valium ware unsettled, uu<l the dillemue brtvteen bnyeiE
and fc?i:?ra' *iew? was so treat a.a t> prohibit sales In
inaiiy article-, esuecially of imported merchandise At
the Produce Kxchmipe there ?u a general Ull?Uoi r foil
joe ,Kr;uD"> a 3c., nnd other commodities in like preportion.
Co ton wa- dull and lower. Petroleum w?a dull
I ?nd lowi r, an.I groceries w ero Irregular and price." no.irly
| nominal. Hil? bo In.; Thanksgiving Day, bu?lness will be
wnouy nu*p r. more wiuoi course i?c uu tnaoge.
Tlie tlirerlii^ Nt-wi from Teiin???ftt*f* unci
(he tiloi i >iii I'roHperi.
The brilliant suc<v-se.-> attending t' ft preliminary
movements of General Gr.mt in front
of Chattanooga promise nothing les8 than the
speedy overthrow of I.r gg's ar 'jy, or a precipitate
and demoralizing retreat on his part
into the interior of Georgia.
One month ago, in a series of operations distinguished
alike for skill and bravery, Generals
Hooker, Howard, Smith and G ary, iu\^islodging
the enemy from the Tennessee river, defeated
the objec' of Bragg in his investment of Chattanooga
on the south side. >Vh e ho held tho
river below our army was reduced to half
rations from the difficulties of transportation
over the mountains on the north side: but in
reopening the river our suffering soldiers and
starving horses and uiules were at ouee and
abundantly supplied. Thus the way was prepared
for the important successes of the lust
few days, whereby General Grant has secured
all the commanding positions from the
enemy for offensive or defensive purposes,
and unquestionably has the rebel army
within his grasp, in the event of a genoral engagement.
There cannot be a shadow of
doubt upon this point, considering how extensively
tho army of General Thomas has been
strengthened since the great battles of September,
and how the army of Bragg has been
reduced by Longstrect's diversion against
General Burnslde at Knoxville. Our only fear
is that Bragg has decamped, and that thus the
decisive blow to the rebellion may, perhaps,
be delayed for several weeks or months to
come.
Meantime tho isolated army of General
Burnside at Knoxville is reported in a satixfac
MMjr wuuiuuii uuu o.ui^uuiu ui Duuueon. inu
rebel oolumn detailed from Bragg's army to
cut off Burnside, to capture hiR army, wtyh its
artillery, ammunition and supplies, and then to
author up the cattle, flour and cprn of East
Tennessee for the relief of Bragg, will now
Snd other work to do. Hotly pressed by
the overwhelming army of Grant, Bragg
will need the assistance of Longs'treet,
and the latter will be compelled to abandon
Kast Tennessee for the more urgent necessities
jf Georgia. His expedition to Kuoxville was
it best but a desperate enterprise, and its main
abject, we dare say, was subsistence. It has
l)ecn confessed by leading rebel journals that
without the supplies of Tennessee this winter
io the army of Bragg it will be poworless to
prevent "the Yankees" from overrunning
Georgia and Alabama in the spring. What
hope, then, is there for the dissolving Southern
sonfederacy, with Bragg pushed backward
from the strongest defensive positions, and with
an irresistible army of Union veterans behind
him, under the r'.ctorious Grant, supported by
bucji expwneiictju iignung geuarais as i nomas,
Sherman, Hooker, Palmer, Granger, Osterhaus
aud others, heroes of many battles East and
Wost? . ,
Bragg may possibly escape for the present
without a severe chastisement; but his expulsion
from the heights of Chattanooga will have
the moral effect throughout the rebellion of a
jreat defeat. lie may be compelled to face
kbout and light, and thus bring to an end at
once the dying agonies of his "confederacy."
It is now reduced to such extremities that a
decisive victory over Bragg or Lee will bring it
to an end. Its dissolution may be delayed till
spring; but it may still bo achieved before the
end of the pissing year. Relying upon General
Grant to do bis duty towards this grand rosult,
wc cannot refrain from reminding the administration
that the Army of the Potomac desires
to advance, and should be pushed forward
to win the crowning victory of the war. We
are assured that this armv is now as far sunerior
to th.it of Lee ns the forces of Grant are superior
in every respect to the army of Bragg,
between Grant and Meade, therefore, Atlanta
or Richmond, or both, should be in our possession
before cither army goes into winter quarter#.
General Gillmore has a heavy job upon his
hands ut Charleston; but he will finish it.
General Banks has entered upon an enterprise
full of difficulties and dangers In Texas; but
we have the fullest confidencc In the result.
The decisivo victory of the war depends upon
the ai mles of Grant or the army of Meade; but at
the same time a squadron of gunboats, with a cooperating
land force of eight or ten thousand
men, against Wilmington or Mobile, might
achieve a victory second In importancn only to
the occupation of Richmond. We do not press
this proposition, however, while in the expectation
of news from Georgia or Virginia which
will simplify the future operations of the war
to the gathering up of the broken fragments of
the rebellion.
Waiid Bkki iif.r asi> Fkrnando Woon.?
Ward Beocher made an abolition speech at the
Academy of Music on Tuesday evening, and
Fernando Wood delivered a peace speech at
Bergen, New Jersey, on the samo day. These
orations were about on the same level a* to
talent, and both advocated silly and impracticable
theories, which amount to nothing in this
j>ractical world. Beecher seems to have left
his popularity behind him in England. TJ)?>
audience at the Academy was very small.
Wood lost his popularity long ago, and the
only audience he had for his speech were a
few raw, ignorant peace Jerseymen, who disgrace
that loynl liitls Ptate by residing in it,
and who have no better wnic than to caoklo
OTor peace tbeorie* In the midst of n groat war,
an dunghill fowl* eucklo during i\ thunder
storm. Let Boecher go l>ack to bis cliurch in
Brooklyn, and be content with J-Vmg his little
tf mpenti In that teapot, T,ot Wood retire
to thg shadM of Bloomllgdalc, ami occupy
Ms day.* with study and hi* nigl.U with prayer,
so r* to fit himself for a position in tho next
Congres, If he ca .. Feocbcr is a pulpit doma
gogue, tod xhnuld stick to hi* congregation.
Word b?? about ati llty enough f>tr ward polltican.
and if he ever expects to be anyt! ing
l etter he mu-t ptudy fer it. (Jo to y.?ur church.
Heechcr. Go to jour library. Wood. Let us
be pe-tlered no more with th> ?e theoretic1!,
impracticable, n<j?-.eu#ical, oratorical g >dtli' <?
KW YORK HERALD , T1
I Than Illicit ti>K l)a>-.\ii Important K?g.
Ui'alliin to K?lhif Abraham.
Tliere are a great many blessings for which
tho American jx'ople, or the loyal portion
thereof, should ti.is day return thanks to their
Creator. Ami there are some other things that
tliey oupht not to be so thankful for. but rattier
to regard as causes, nod to consider as inflictions
for their many wins and transgressions, or
rather the perversity and ungodliness of tbeir
rulers.
With the Pips dent of the United States we
think thoy slould be thankful for fruitful
fields and healthful skies, and for Union victories.
With the Governor of New York, we
believe that citizei s should make contributions
for the comI'ort of those made destitute by the
casualties of war. AVith t! e Mayor of the city
of New York, we are grateful because the area
of the rebellion has been circumscribed, and
the spirit of anarchy subdued. We agroe with
the Mayor of the city or Brooklyn in praying
that "the rebellion may be speedily suppressed,
and the Union preserved." With the Governor
of Maine, wo are thankful that "so many of our
oppressed countrymen have been delivered
from the hands of a cruel and merciless enemy"?
by moans of the cartel of exohange of prisoners,
we take to be his Excellency's meaning.
With the Governor of Vermont, we agree that
thanks are due for the "suppression of the murderous
spirit of riot and anarchy." With the
Governor of Massachusetts, we pray that "peace
shall soon return to our borders, and
a union or hearts and hands revive
on the ruins of that injustice and Inhumanity
which bred our sorrows"?although we cannot
exactly make out to which side his Excellency
of the Bay State particularly refers; but we ob
ject to "injustice and inhumanity" on any side.
We agree with the Governors of Rhode Island
and Illinois that we should be thankful because
"we still have a country," and, further, with the
Governor of the latter State, that such a consummation
has been brought about "In spite
of foreign hatred and plotting treason." With
the Governor of Connecticut, we are thankful
for the "increasing evidence of the fidelity of
the people to the government." With the Governor
of New Jersey,' we pray that the Creator
"will give wisdom to thoBe in authority." With
the Governor of Pennsylvania, we are thankful
for the "crowning mercy by which the bloodthirsty
and devastating enemy was driven from
the soil" of that State. It saved much trouhle
and confusion upon tho soil of the State of
New York. With the Governor of West Virginia,
we do not know but that we are tolerably
grateful "for the establishment and organization
of a separate Commonwealth" out of the
Old Dominion. With the Governors of the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Michigan,
Wisconsin and Minnesota, we are thankful
that those States are in a state of unexampled
prosperity, notwithstanding the war. We are
especially grateful for tho recent successes of
General Grant unon Lookout Mrmntntn* K?
cauae Burnside is in no worse fix, and will be
triumphant in the end.
But what we, in common with a vast majority
of the loyal American people, are not thankful
for?which neither we nor they feel a special
impulse to sing hosannas about?are the continned,
unpardonable and irrepressible blunders
which Father Abraham's Cabinet are constantly
committing. When Stanton accidentally
fails to commit a blunder, Wolles is almost
certain to succeed; but if Welles fail, thenCh^
is bound to come to the rescue, and, bet wet
the trio, abiding successes either on the land,
on the sea, or in our national fiaaacea, are rarely
to be noted. Neither Stanton nor Welles
has inaugurated a substantial success since the
war commenced. They are the authors of the
curses which we have to lament. They are
the insidious Maralls who produco our defeats,
our failures, our impotent victories. By their
incompetency has the war been prolonged.
When our arms or our fleets accomplish a great
thing, it is not because of their endeavors, but
in spite of them. From the infliction of a further
lease of the existence of his Cabinet, we
pray Father Abraham henceforth to deliver us.
In the fuce of all the great blessings we are
profoundly thankful for, we think Father Abraham,
in consideration of the unfitness of his
Cabinet advisers, should at this time have issued
a proclamation lor a day of fasting, humiliation
aiul prayer, so that the people might humble
themselves, and in sackcloth and ashes pray
that there may be no more such cabinets in
our land. L?t Father Abraham adopt our
suggestion, and that is to dismiss his Cabinet,
and then, upon the heels of so wise and beneficial
a movement, issue a proclamation for a
day of real thanksgiving and praise. The
sounds of joy will thon be heard all over the
land, and loud hallelujahs will be sung in praise
of the wisdom and th? goodness of Father
Abraham, who presides in Washington.
School OmcEM.?In no other department of
our local government is there as much necessity
for the vigilance of the voters in this city as
that of the school officers. One-half of the
Iloard of Education, two Trustees and one
School Inspector in eaeh ward are to be
chosen on Tuesday next. These men. in connection
with those whoso term of ofllce does
not expire this year, will have the management
of the educational portion of our city
government during the coming year. No more
important trust can be placed in the hands of
any sot of men than this. Upon their action
depends the success or failure of our school
system. That our schools are not all managed
as they should be, and that there is a necessity
for a reform, we have only to cite the numerous
complaints that are being made, among
them the death of the little child in the Twenty-fourth
street school.
In some of the wards there has been an improvement
In the class of person* nominated
for School Commissioners, and In others thsy
have gone flrom bad to worse. Almost everywhere
the politicians aro duisg their best to
run the system into party politics. The school
offlcs are bargained and traded upon just as
though they wore of no earthly importance
further than the spoils are concerned. If onr
citizens desjjg a reform the management of
QUI schools it l? necessary that they shonid not
only attend to the selection of School Commlfsigjiern.
but alho the Tnutee*. The latter have
the empfoyuiVnt of the teachers and a more
direct connection with the sc'ioftis Jjj the several
wards than tho Commissioners. TEoft
officials nro also of great importance.
The election of pchool officers is of too
much importance for any person t<< allow party
pol; ;c^ to control his vote. No person who has
uiiy regard for the youth of our city will vote
for si'tool officer*, either 'ommlj loners, Tru?t""s
ot l-Hpector*. iust bee ,vuc they r?r** tho noniiO
e of tiii ? or that yartv. regardless ol ue
TUESDAY, NOVHMBER 26,
character of the tnon nominated. Let *11 rote
for the be*t men nominated, without reference
' to the party that baa nominated them, and one
1 roar bo gained this year, another next,
until our schools come nearer,what they were
intended to be by the founder* of the present
syHtem.
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON.
VtwimiToi, Nor. 2S, 1813
KKriininv his^iunathim nr CHIKP JUSTICE T4KIT.
It I* reported ami currently bettered to-night In oflicl il
circle# th.it Chief Justico Taney baa resigned, and that
hM successor will be named to morrow or next day.
Till FINANCIAL BSTIX ATB.
The estimate* of th? War Department for the next fiscal
year were sent in to-ilay. Theao are the only estimates
which had not previously be-n provided, and the Hecre
lary or the Treasury will at once proceed to compieto
his report for the coming session of Congress.
TIIK SFKAXEI1IIHIP.
The impression that has prevailed In some quarters
thai frmerxi ftrhenck Is to be a candidate for the Rpenk
ership is not corrrvt. General Fchenck does not hesitate
to gay to his Tends that he will not be candidate
for Speaker; that h? believes the Hon. Sohuyler Colfax,
of Indiana, will bo the cboioo of a largo majority of the
House, and will be elected, and thai be (General
Fchwick) expects to vote for Mr. Colfax himself.
The members of Congress are arriving slowly, but the
eunvnss for tbe Speakership and other officers of the next
House is quite active. The Hon Bctiuyler Colfax Is still
most prominently mentioned In connection with tbe
8po ilcershlp, and bis election>U regarded as most probable,
notwithstanding the active opposition of Postmaster
General Rlslr, who Is understood to bo tbe only member
of the administration who has taken a stand In opposition
to him. Mr. Coirax and his friends are highly gratified
with the gonoral disposition manifested by those members
of the House who have arrived here to support him,
and it is claimed that his etoctioq will secure ah able and
Impartial officer and give general satisfaction.
TH* CLXRESHIF.
For Cleric of the Howe there are a number of candidates,
among the most prominent of whom are Colonel
Tn pi an, or Vow Hampshire, and Messrs. Ruffing ton, of
Massachusetts, nnd BlcPherson, of Pennsylvania. It Is
Impossible at this time to say who his tbo nest chanoe
of success. Colonel Tappan Is strongly urged, he having
served two years as the Colonel of a Now Hampshire regiment,
and his friends claim for him peculiar fitness for
the position.
THl BLAIRS.
General Blair will not be hero at the beginning of the
session of Congress: bjit old Frank is very bitter.
TJIANrSOIVINO DAT.
I no news rrom i.oatiannoga dw createa a juoiiain
feeling in this city, and will add greatly to the heartiness
with which tbe National Thanksgiving will be celebrated
10 morrow. If circumstances bad permitted tbe Army
or the Potomac to have achieved Its expected victory,
the day would have boon one of unalloyed thanksgiving
and joy. 1 ho day will bo generally observed in this city.
Tbe departments and government offices will be closed,
as also tho places of business), and service* will bo bold
in all the cburcbes. Secretary Stanton left tbe city this
morning to spend Thanksgiving at bis bome.
TflB WAOKH OF OOYERNMRNT XMFLOYIS.
Tho recent order from the War Department, for beads
ef bureaus to report a just and reasonable rate of advance
of wag.'s of tbe laborers and employee of tbe depart
inent whose compensation Is not fixed by law, is intended
to provide against a strike, which, from the great num
bora employed and the results of a stoppage or delay of
important army operations, would be disastrous.
THREATENED STRIKE IN THE NAVY YARD.
A meeting of the employes at the Navy Yard in tbia
city waa held last evening, at which a committee waa
appointed to wait upon Secretary Welles and mako representations
in regard to tbe houra of labor, required of
them. Tbey complain that they are required to go to
work at dayllgbt and remain at work antll dark, while at
other yarda work Is commenced at aunrlae and closed at
annset. Unlesa the same rule la adopted here they
threaten to atrlke en Monday next.
COLONRl. BAKER'S BATTALION.
The Secretary ot War baa ordered that but one bondred
dollars bounty be paid to recruits of Oolonel Baker's battalion,
and it la probaM* that the preaent organization
will cither bo brtken up altogether or attached to another
command.
NATAL.
Lieutenant Commander Wm S. Truxton baa been detached
from tbe Navy Yard at Philadelphia, and ordered
to the command of the Tacooy.
The Rnaaerri Rralgnatleai.
[from tbe Washington Star, Nov. 24.)
The following gossip is now being axtenaively published:?
[From the Cincinnati Enquirer. Nov. 21.1
We learn from reliable authority that tha resignation of
Chief Juatlce Roger B. Tanay it now lu the handa of tbe
Pre?td"nt. We alio learn that the resignation of Mr. Chaae,
at Secretary nf the Trraaury. ia alto in the handt of the Preaidant.
Mr. Chat*. H ia understood, will lake tha place of
tha Chlaf Juatloa shortly afar tha meeting of Congrei*
We have to Bay that If tbare la any truth whatever In
tills story, the President haa confided the facta to nobody.
Knowing that h" haa not communicator any such Intelll- '
gence to hi* moat Intimuto frlenda, we doubt the accuracy
of tbu statement of tho Cincinnati Enqiiirtr'i correspond
ant. Wo are very auro that nothing short of absolute
physical disability to attempt to transact aay business
whatever would superinduce tha resignation of Mr. Justice
Taney until after the next Presidential elect! n.
Though long ainca physically disabled for a thorough
discharge of tho duties of tils position, like all other men,
he will bo the Inst to realize that fact, and may not be oxC.tod
to retire nntU perhaps ha talccs pen In hand for tho
t time, to alga his resignation. If he bss resigned,
however, we | resume that Secretary Chase, or any other
living American, would not bo averse to waiving wbal he
might bolleve to he hi^hance for the Presidency, for the
certainty of a life estate In the Chief Justiceship of the
Supremo Court of tbe United States.
Academy of Music.
aovyoo's "faust."
The first nl?'ht of a now opera is here, as well as
abroad, an event of no small interest. Social arrangein
nts are made to hinge upon it, wd social ecouomy
also. A new dress, a new bonnet or a new burnous are
among tho associations which It revives In the mind of
the pattr familia*. lie launches out into Invectivos
*gu Inst tbe whole tribe or fiddlers and coni|>osers, and
wishes tlielr novelties at the bottom of tbe s?a. Ilut be
la compellod all tbe same to contribute his sbare to the
great musical ovation, and he does it with an accompan)
ment of bis deepest bass.
The scene presented to the eye by the Academy of
Music last evoning born evidence to a more than utital
amount of ?xreclanry. Judging fr>m a more than usmTly
carorul attention to externals on tho [?rt of tbe audience.
We have rarely seen a more brilliant house. Whether
influenced by the h.nts that we have felt it necessary to
throw out. or by tb? Importance of tha occasion itself, we
remarked but fow of th *e incongruities in dress which
are so frequently noticeable at tboonera. Not t nly were
tho I#ir mmult in full force, hut tbe ifemi tn ml* in
run t mi oar. in nn n, iu were particular* there wm
litt>* r> om for criticism
The occasion of all tin* excitement wss the production
of "Faust," a work of whieh we have bad occasional
glim^es In our Philharmonics and other com eria, b.it
which was repp sented here lu iu integrity fur the first
time, on this occasloa. U? author, Oounod. studied
originally uod<r llalevy. bat aoituired tbo best part of
hi* musical education In ItaV- In the commencement of
his profee?louai career he devoted him^eli altogether to
sscred music, for which he seems to hsve bad a passion,
and ho oven entertained serious thoughts of entering
the church. Ihe work which first brought him
Into notice waa * mass written (or the ('buret of Foreign
Missions, in J'ar a. It was not uutil 1N40 tbut be com
menced writing 'or the Opera, since when he has succe*
lively produced "Fappho," a lyrical drama, in three arts;
"I,es Chirurs deI't'lysee," of M. Ponaard, Jr.; "I* Nouns
Ranglante;" a firn symphony entitled "I* Re ne dee
Apotres," and two other symphonies playwl at there,
uutona or the S< clete iles Jeunee Artistes; a canUU on
the occasion of ti e Queen of England's visit to Paris,
be Medecin Mal.re l.ul," which ranks among bis beat
compositions, snd the work produced last night.
Considering the popularity which " Faust" Is Mid to
have attain'd abr ad. we own to a feeling of disappoint
ment In MMfKlM with It It la a pleating, but It is not
great work. Its Instrumental and oboral elTecta are
carefully atndied aid original. It la reb in metndi.nis com
blnatlona, but It Is wanting In dramatic intensity. It la
Ilka a gentle stream, the ripple of whose waters rails plea
eantlv on the ear; but there the Impression end*. You
are carried thr< ugh the five acta of the piece without being
eren moved to enthualasm either by the singers or
the mnalc. In oth< r words. It te wanting In those strong
contrasts - those e ecta of luht and shade?which render
tbo vrrtrks of Verdi ao eniluringly j opular.
From whit h.ve statod it will be teen that there
wis but Utile rix m for the artis s to proMuc any very
marked i tnpreaal< n | i their res|>? tive roltt. Mim Kellogg
was the Margaret of the evening, and did her b?st to
pleise, but we ni"M nndid'v own lh?t there are other
characters in winch we like her hotter Ma/solanl'a
faust lacked ?| Irlt, probably from the fa. t th.it the i.art
w?s not c'tij;et>lal t? him. The MephlStophales of Hlachl
was the prominent feature of the iwformance. and was
wen '(ine and m led throuabout. Ho far .is the orchestra
and chorus were concerned there was b it little room for
crltlcsrn. For s Hr*t iierformance there mu-t be a cortato
decree of It dulrcnre, and the few *b rlcomlrigs ob*
ervabie were of small inomenl.
The minner in which the piece wai put upon the stage
reflected great credit on tlio management. The mil-m
w ww really an; erb, a'id exhibited an attention to
detail not usua 1y witnessed at the Opera. If the ? >>rk
had ro other m-rit. tbl? al' ne w<itid be sufficient to give
it a cettam popnlartty. Hut when, s .j erad ! I ti it, the .
r ill |C hat e >iu!' Ird < ment* ir W" ha' e d * rib?rt,we I
?-e ? ia predicting for "I- >u?t" a run iffl- e> t to r?n. I
tier M a |>r <c9u j coter j rtoo ?y i;* ma:r'g?mout. j
1861
THANKSGIVING.
Proclamations of the President of
the United states and the tieveraon
of the Loyal States.
Joy and Feasting- All Over the
Country,
a??f aii
We give below the proclamation* of lb*President of tho
raited Slate*, and the glat of tboso of tba Governors of
all the loyal Hi a tea except three?New Hampshire, MWeourl
and Kausus?recommending this, the 26th da/ of
November, as a day of thanksgiving aud prayer.
Thn Stales whose Governors have not leaned prorlama
lions FUltable to the occasion probably conceived ibat the
Presidential appeal covered (be whole grund, and there
was but little lea (or them to Bay. Theso proclamations
admirably All the spare we uattally allow for Thanksgiving
eermoDa, and, coming direotly from the heads or the
different Slates, tbay furnish to tbe public a more general
and comprehensive view of what we aro to be thankful
for than could be conveyod by a sententious and sectarian
disquisition from any of our pulpltc.
The President's Proclamation.
The year that is drawing towards Ha close has bcon
tilled with the blessings of fruitful fields and healthful
kies. TO these bounties, which are so constantly
enjoyed that we are prone to forget the source from
which they oome, others hare been added, which are of
so extraordinary a nature, that they cannot fail to poaetrato
Mid aoften even tbe heart which is habitually insensible
to the erer watchful prorldenoe of Almighty God.
In the midst of a civil war of unequalled magnitude and
severity, which ha* sometimes seemed to Invite and
provoke the aggressions of foreign States, peace has been
preeerved with all nations, order has been maintained,
the laws hare been respected and obeyed, and harmony
has prevailed everywhere, czcept la the theatre of mill
tary conflict; while that theatre has been greatly contracted
by tbe advancing armies and navies of the
Union.
The need'ul diversions of wealth and strength from the
fields of pea< ofiil Industry to tho national defence havo
not arrested the plough, the shuttle or the ship. The axe
has onlarged the borders of our settlements, and the mines,
as well of Iron and coal as of the precious metals, have
yielded even more abundantly than heretofore, reputation
haa steadily increased, notwithstanding the waste
that has been made In the camp, the siege and the-battle
field; and tho country, rejoicing in tbe consciousness of
augmented strength and vigor, is permitted to expect
continuance of years with large Incroase of freedom.
No human counsel hath devised, nor hath any morta
hand vnrlfiul out thAM won th Intra Th? mra th* ?
clous girts or the Mont High God, whj, while dealing with
us in anger ror our Bias, hath nevertheless remembered
roercjr.
It hits seemed to me fit and proper that
they should be solemnly, reverently and gratefully
acknowledged as with one heart and voice by
tbe whole American i>oople;ldo, therefore, invite my
rellow citizens in every part of tbe United States, and
also those who aro at sea and those who are sojourning in
foreign lands, to sot apart ?nd observe the last Thursday
or November next as a Day of Tbatiluigiving and Prayer
to our beneficent Father, who dwelleth In the
heavens. [And I recommend to thom that,
whilo offering up tho ascriptions justly due to bim for
such singular deliverauooe and blessings; they do also,
with bumble ponitonce for our national (tervorseness and
disobedience, commend to His tender care all tboee who
have become widows, orphans, mournors or sufferers in
the lamentible civil strife in which wo are unavotdaoly
engaged, and rervently Implore the Interpolation or the
Almighty hand to beal tho wounds of the nation and
to restore It, as soon as may be consistent with the Divine
purposes, to the full eqjoyment of peace, harmony, tranquillity,
and union.
In testimony whereor I have hereunto set my hand and
caused tbe veal of the United Stales to be afllexed.
Done at tho city of Washington tbls third day or Oc
tober, in tbe year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred
and sixty-tbree, and of the Independence of tbe United
| States tbs eighty eighth. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
The SsTtraeri' aad Mayers' Proclamations.
TUB OOVTBNOR OF N?W TOM.
In accordance with tbe custom and laws of this State,
T TTnrAtln Sifimnr Oampimw nf (ha Qlata af Va>W
do hereby doslgnate Thursday, thp -<Hh instant, to be a
day of thanksgiving an* prayer, and 1 hereby deolare
the same to be a legal hohday.
Id the mld*t of calamity brugbt upon oar country by
the wickedness, folly and crimes of men, we hare reason
to be thankful to Almighty Cod for abundant harreaU,
for exemption from pestilence, and for the preservation
of onrFtate from the devastation* of war whfen afflict
other lections of our land.
Let as offer fervent prayer* that rebellion may be put
down, our Union saved, oar liberty preserved, and our
Constitution and government upheld.
As a becoming proof of our thankfulness to God, and
sa a proper evidence of our gratltndo to the armies and
navy, I urge our citizens to mike contributions on that
day tor the comfort and support of the destitute families
of tboje who have lost their lives or have become diaa
bN in the service of their country.
In the midst of our abundance let us remember charity
to tb?se who are In want, and in tbe hour sat apart for
hiwi >uti rviigiuua id* lawgiving ana praise wiinm ine
limit* of 0'ir State, let ui encourage those who *r* en
gaged on distant and dangerous fiold? of duly by showing
sympathy and kindness toward* ii?,r families which need
our aid and support. HORATIO SF.YMOl'R.
THE MAYOR or THH CtTT OF KRW TORI.
Thursday, th* 2<Hh ln??., having been designated by the
President of the Vnited Stat**, and by the tJovernor of
tbi? Statu, as a day of Thankigtvtng and Prayer, It becomes
the duty of every p?>d clllzen to refrain from all
secular employment* on th.it day, and to dev"t? It to
appropriate religious *xerci*?*.
I'erhap*, never before smee we beraine i ratli n hive
wo had mora reason for heartfelt gratitudo to <.od for the
greatnersof hi* mercies He ha* epared n* from pettilence,
and through abundant barr**t* and reraunemtlve
Ind'iftrv blessed u* with unusual prosperity. I'y HI* iid
and ituldance we h.ive b*< t, enabled to rapel the amwilti
of treason and lawl?P?n<?e whlrh threatened to ronvort
Mr land of COMtMuUoaa] liberty Into the ?bnd? of anarchy.and
to make our name a by-word and reproach
*mong the nation* In tie inl"d?l of the - i am
tie* of war a brighter future dawns upon n*.
Our fOTCM are TlCtOftMl on sea and lund, the
area of the rebellion h-.s bceen circumscribed,
trea*on hss boon rebuked tb>- spirit of nnarchv subdued
the sentiment of lo/altr trengthened foreign
enmity anated. Let u* pray that tlio?e auspicious re
*ult* may be speedily followed by the reiteration of oeaue
and fraternal leellng* throughout the land th it * a
warning lo posterity the instigators of the rebellion, who
have no wantonly and mck"dly attempted to destroy our
pnoe1e*e t'ot'>n, may he sub.ected t?> ju?t pun.ihment for
their crime, and that their mttfuided fi llower* tu iy be
brought back to their allegiance and duty , that all w 1k>
have *lnned against the mri e-ty of law, In madly striving
to subvert the mild and beneficent governir.ert under
which we live, mav repent of their treason and have the
eminent of patriotism rekindled lo their heart*.
?iEOK* 7. OPDYKF, M >yor.
Till MAYOR or BROOKLYM.
The Governor of the state having, In sccirdane* with
the cuiiums and laws thereof, designated Tbursdiy. the
Mtb InsUnt.to be a day of tbanksgh In* and prayer, and
declared the umete be a legal holiday, I re*i>ectrulljr
urge upon my feilow citizen* a general observance them
of by the closing of their place* of busine** and th*
suspension of tabor generally.
We have occasion aa a community both for thanksglv>
Inn nut tiravtr Thank* tit th* ftlver nt all l^ud that mm
hive liwn hpared tN calamitl?a of paitllenco, famine and
the immftl iu pr?-ence r>f deanlatmg war. and prayrr to
tb? Arbiter of the ^e?Unle*of Hmkii nMhiUbt r*M
Hon may be rpeedily *uppre**? J, the I^Mon pfMrtfJ
from tbe dinger* which threaten iu ml<gTity, *nd peace
and harmony he ?oon again restored u our d:*traote4
and bleeding country. fet n? dl*<'har /?thk> *>le?n duly
with filth and aaraeetnee* I deeir* aleo cordially to
second the inggeatton* of ib? <Jov*r nor. and to Impress
It up n the attention of my fallow c jtiseon, that on that
day tbero "hull be a general cortr oition for the con'ort
and support of the destitute lam / ? of tiioae who hav#
loet their Urea or have become diaabl<<l in the *ervlca
of their cruntry. Tbn * a J ity which a!l of u?, at
h?tne in the quiet enjoyment <,f tb? comfort* end ptoaenrea
of i?*re, lmi*ratlri'|r r^re t0 nur heroic brethren
absent In the army and navy , u,| ,-iaii ,ntiy upholding
the flag of our country, and whirh *houMI be dl* Barged
chearfuliv aad 6*nerou*ljr
Tlie i"iblic office* will b f closed on that day
M ,,m:N KAl IffLKif^'H, Mayor
THF 10^/KRNOn OF MAIXK.
Let o? pr*i?o (iod u,at our border* have not been ravaged
by ileKoUtin? armle* , that it\f galltitry and
berolrm of otir ?n|d> /r. have been ?o often crowned with
let n that *o r* ?ny Df ,,ur oppreaaad oouutryin. n h ive
bnon dellvorod fr cm the hmd.< of a cruel and merciless
enetnr ihatthe^t, m nny and justice of our i *>. * hav*
at la?t en1l?t"d <j? ,,uf g|dn the aymi>?lh!e* of mankind;
and that tlx*, turn owing limit*, Hi oibaoatcd rclwtos
and Ilia wa< j0R hope* of the rebellion *ir? stgM of a
peedy pe- i?i u? praleeHim thai a bonutTol bar* est
hi* eroe 0(?j 0,lr tor tbe cmlng ve?r,tha; nix* In
ail the djpartiniirt* of Ind i"try has mei Hith a literal re
I and that in tbe mid.t of a gi,>hii? civil war not
^ O'U^ /i*ve w?ui?" aui tu p>c?han.? arl?
Jourlah*4, fcut fbe lotereata of edocation phllaothMpf
dfc.d religion bare not be?a oegtaoUd. And whUa ujjag
oar >urta la devout gratitude W M tar Hta
goodNgt.fet ua riMBbtr lb* poor (bat are among Mj
let ua ramwnber our patriotic rrleoda and cltixao* m*
abat-nt In the army; and ?e pec I ally let ua remember M
aymi?tbjr au<l ever/ needed aid, thee stricken bouae
Hold* that liave offered up tutbera, ?ooa, buabanda and
brothera, a willing aacrtdce on the altar of kberlj, doty
and country.
THB GOVERNOR OF VUtUONT.
Lot ua thauk Ood for the prosperity wliiA every
where abou..da: that the labor or thn husband MR baa
beou abundantly rewarded, that though. a* a nation, we
have b?-en soourgod lor our aloe with a d?-o!ating wnr,
yet that peace haa reigned within our owu ComniM
wraith, let us thurk Him for tl^nal vie tor lea In at
many fiercely fought battle#, for (lie destruction of m
n 'Uy of lliu alroi ghnlda of rebellion, for (ho repulae of
tb? bm^bts invader; for the aui>prenelon of the mur
deroua eplrlt of riot and anarchy, lor (be rouque-t of ae
large a portion of the r.-bellioua territory, and for the
tloi 1 >us d iwu >f universal freedom.
TUB GOVERNOR OF MANHA0III">BTT8.
Lot us reverently cuteniplate the wonderful Pravi.
deuce wbitb h;i? led and uuided th. In a is and min ? of
tins pen: lo nulls 6*inpiuir itiid working oil l thu destiny
of tbia nation. Kvon In time of war wo are rejoining la
the growth of the arts of peaoe. tsub'eotod lo fa temp
lotions and domorall/lna latlignoo, yet Ibe virtues of
f ri>earain*o. p'Hence and cbiritv ur > dally Illustrating
ilio social llfu of our |>eopie do less conspicuously Hum
tbnlr loyal patriotism. Hide by side wiin Ibe marob of
arm MM and the destructive engines ol war move I tie tub?
sougrrsof love, with every solace Cor tlisbndy or tb? mind,
loam ten the eoldior'H lot or alleviate the travail vf mortaliiy.
S tn dunes slowly, and with he-.lt iting tide, but
always Surely sometimes with it rooodlugoddy, but always
<11 an undercurrent of t.U>ady and majestic p iwer. baa
been borne the t-yinbol of our nallonality The hmtM
sight has been o'lickenod, duty I.as gr >wti rln iror to the
mind, and faith ha* grown warmer In tbe heart, a* the
revelation* of trial and the discipline of a grn.it tailoring
have do e their appointed wni k. Blondin/ the toni|>er of
forgiveness with an unflinching Integrity of poriWM;
weeping with Ibo bereaved who mouru tbe beauty of oar
Israel sUin U|iOn our high placet) but catching the
sublime spirit of those who bare scaled their testimony
with their blood, may we fall not to Implore on this, our
annual festival, strength Irom above to exercise ourselves
a'at<> in every heroic virtue ror tho vindications*
right and tbe overthrow of wrong I/it us trust tfeat
twace shall soon return to our borders, nnd a union of
hearts and bands revive on the ruins of that lotuatlM
and inhumanity which brod our sorrows; wb n all tba Inhabitants
of the land will unito to sing, "Klessud l>e the
I.ord God of Israel;for Ho hath visited and redeemed hi*
people."
THH GOVKRNOR Qt RHODE ISLAND.
Let us thank (.od that we still have a country; though
war aud treaeon bavo boldly raised their heads aloft, our
country still survives tho aliocic of battlo and of plotted
wrongs, and with nod's help 1st us pro-etve it, and with
all Its blessing.* transmit it to onr postorlvy. Let us gir?
thanks for this yeor of plenty and prosperity Tbe liarTests
have rl.ouod and l>een gathered Abundance
crowns all labor, while unsurpassed trano'itliity reigns
throughout town un>4 hamlet in tin' lov >1 i-lat^n I/>t us
give thanks for tho preservation of our army and nasr
fi r victory In battle ami siege, and lor the bra wry and
patriotism of our noble soldiers, whilo we re nice ovsr
tho triumph of onr arms, and all the great blessings that
G-.nl has showorod tiron us, lot us remember the wldwr
and (tie orphan of the failun brave, pricing that consolation
may be given thorn in their saddened homos,
TUB QOVKRNOR OF CONNECTICUT.
The Host Hub, "who doelb according to His will !n Uvs
army of heaven nnd among the inhabitants of tho eartb,"
has, in the fulness of IJis lovo and the c nstuncy of His
oaro, abundantly rswarded our industry and continued to
bless us with healthful seasons Mid fruitful Qelds. I*t us
Kraise Uim that notwithstanding tho calamities and heavy
urdensol a protracted civil war, thnrs is Increasing ovl
don' e of tbe fidelity of tho poople to the government, nod
or tbeir determination to preserve the unity uf the nation.
TIIK OOVRltNOit OF KKW .TRttPRY.
Lot us thank God for abundant harvegts; lot us thank
Him for preserving us from pesti'ence. let ug >h ink Hh*
that order has been maintained and tbo laws respected
and oboyod within our borders; lot us thank Ulm for vletofies
achieved by the armies of tlio nation. While w*
offer thanks, let us also pr?y that Ood will give us boart*
to i it> und relieve tho poor; that fie will give conaolatiO*"
to the widow and orphan, who sorrow for the lierok
dead; that Ho wilt preservo In safety our brave soldiere
in the field; that He will soon remove the rod or on?
chastisement, that He will give wisdom to thoiie In authority
th;it Ho will change tho hearts of our enemiea,
and so order events that peace tnuy be spoedily rest ired,
uud the now disccrdaut scclinns of the nation bo agai*
united.
THE GOVERNOR OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Return thanks to Almighty tiod lor the gathered bar.
vests ( f the (mita of tb earth. For the prosperity widl
which*He h is blessed tho Industry of our poople. For tb*
general noalth and welfare which lie has graciously bestowed
u|K>n them. And fur the crowning moroy by
which tbe bloo lthirsty and devastatinc enemy was drive*
from our soil by the valor of our brethren, freemen of
this and othor State*. And for tho safety, and woliar*,
and success of our brethren In tbe Held, that they may
bo strengthened to tbe overthrow and cn'usloh of the
robe's now in arms sgainst our beloved country. Sty
that poare may be restored ta all our borders, and tlM
constitution and laws of the land be ovorywhere witbtn
them re-estab.lshod and sustained.
THR GOVERNOR OF WEST VIRGINIA.
The cbastlfement of rebellion nod w;r has been upon th*
nation, yet during tho past year (?od hat a given the actional
arms signal victories over our eneuiica. und a UrM
section of country has been relieved from the dominion of
the destroyer; and wo look forward with happy antiolD*?t?'?i
to tbe restoration, ere long, of law,order ntid tlie undisputed
authority of tbe government throughout the *fc ,
tire land, and to that end In which all would so muel
rejoice?* permanent and an abiding peace. He bat*
especially vouchsafed to tb* people of this male tbe establishment
and organization of a separate Commonwealth;
and while a portion of the territory Is still subject to bo*tlle
tread, and a portion of our citizens are subject to thi
cruelties Of merciless enemies, yet wo r*|oice to boliev*
Utal soon, very soon. H* will restore unto us tb* majesty
of oCended law throughout all our borders.
THE OOVRRNOR OF OHIO.
Let us devoutly thank Ood for the abundance afforded
for our comfort nnd happiness: for the good and loyd
spirit manifested by the groat body of our people; Iter til*
self sacrificing heroism of our brothers and friend* It
arms: for tbe determined effort and well founded hop*
that our government shall still bo preserved in Its unity
nnd b' ueflr.once. for tbe unwavering determination that
U.e enemies or our dear country, both at hom* an*
abroad, shall be discomilted, and tor tbe joyons hop* as*
prospect that out desolating civil wsr wiu soon glvs way
to pcsce, prosperity and happiness thmughout all It*
land, to bless all the inhabitants thereof. Amid ouf
thanlrai/1 vfn* ai,iI nrilM -nmtda* nnr nlTnrta mil hnttm-.
tot ui not forget thai the great struggle In which we SM
engaged has tilled our land with widow* unit orphans.
Out ol our abundant*, let ue oomrort them for their greet
sacrifice, let us all din.-enily laarn and atriva to ptrlora
our every duty, and thus atona for car mttil'old sins,
bumbly ti usting In llim who wl*ld? tba dutinioa of astlona
and peoples, tbst Ha w.ll vouchsafe to ua all tb*
blessings of life and good government.
thf oovbhnok or inmana.
I?i the people thank and praise Almighty God for tb?
many mercies lie ba- Hb<>wn ux during the cart yeir.and
pray Him, wltb liumhia beirts to still protect, guide at>4
blo--a and rector" the inestimable blessing* of unity
a:.d peace to our bleeding and aufTfcrlng country
inG OOVXKNOK OF ILMMOIS.
Let us lb ink God for ibe immortal triumphs of oar
trnn in battle and In oie^e, and the Indomitable fort I tod*
of r<ir soldiery In reverse*. Let us thank (iod for tk*
free institution i transmitted to ua Tri m our father*, and
for ro long a period of unexampled domes tlo tranquillity
ai d prosperity. let ua ttiank God tbat in spite of for*
e|><n hatred and plotting treason, and the lorful shook
of srms.we still have a country, and a glorious hope of
a country laden with un*psskabl? blessings for our children
and <ytr children's children And whilo we rejoice together
over the victories son and nt the prjspertv lUily
brightening, let us also romember the widow and >rptuo,
who, In d' ?' late homes, mourn for the heroic dead.
4
TUE OOVERNOH or IOWA.
1st ii* thank ?;od for the groat victories of our arms
over the toe* of civil ami religloua liberty Ijoi ua thank
Him for the heroism and fortitude and endnrlnn pntriotIsm
or onr.|ieopls, ft* shown by our soldiers in the held,
and hv our people nt home, lu tbelr nn*bal;en determination
to nrcorve the g|op|nn? inslitntion* of our fathers
unimpslrsd, for tbem-clve* and their children after
them. l?l us th mk lllm that oar domestic pesre baa
been unnroken, and the first budding of inter.>ai Ti > nos
he* been quickly crushed, without the ?heddtnir oi ho.
man blood. Let tt? think Him for the generai health and
prosper,ty ot the people, %vb,ie we remombsr with earnest
|>ra)er and It oral band the widow and lbs falbsrlef*
\ ictims of tbli ernel and wick' d war.
1UH GOVKKNOR OP MICHIGAN.
Many of our people will bo ahset.t Ins the religiose
atiAocHI ratbering* of thl* 1 hanksi;lv,.<g?dwelling Is
lei and tn the open field, in arm*, gallantly (Wending
our horitagc of liberty, our homes atid property. Lei
lb* united prayer* of ibis whole poopl* arm to the Uod I
of battle for them, tbat He will give them victory, and,
tba instiss re-established. unity and poaos that He will
bi< 11 Ironi want and sorrow the r.iioriaa of tbeaa hernia
soldiers, and tint he ai l comfort Ux.se who mourn far
the heroi de.id In Ibe camp, the hi spit al, and on tb?
battlu Said. Tba psopleof Micbiwan have been prosuers4
Is bus nos* during tbe year tbat lu past b yond 1 ail prsvlousexample
Let them he isaokfn! but put awif
pride and Inordinate love of wa.n, which leads u* too
oftou lo make merahandfte of tho most sacred causes.
lot us observe this Jay with humility, trathfulnea* ant)
boneitv towards ourselves, ou/ fellows and our Creator. \|
TBI OOTKBKOR Of WtKOinnt.
The peor'? ?f Wisconsin hove mmh reason to be tSanktul
to i.od for the many favor* sad blseslng* thoy bar*
enjoyed during taa pa?t year. wane ine calamine* aa?
dangera of war ba*e viaitel ao many of oar aiatar
Mat'*, we bar* bm perialtfcxl to en,oy |?aru and protKity
within the border* of --or ?u:e, the chrth ha* I
IMMMMM pntelMH to u.'.aod our bar-rat*
plentlMI. common o, manufactures iind all tbq arU ai
orationi ?f |>eve have fl. i:rnliod wltb uni.aual proa
parity. Aa-I all of this baa been roucbaafed to iw whiM*
tb? natl' n baa born and la m a llerco and Moody an*-*
t?et for ita Ufa anil integrity?a content la wbiob I ha
brava and nobla aoaaof Wiaooasln hare nlmwg nnanrpaaaed
endurance, berolam and devotion to oar country V *a<
red canaa up n ao mauy battla flelda; hi J, (ban tKa*ely
art ng their pari hi the lupprn.tai'iuof th *rebe>lleo M?d aa latlng
in drlviag ?he anamy from hie Mp nghaMM, bare
crfarrcl honor and renown upon (JMr.iaeirea and <r,r
baloTed Stata. lhanka to nod who i ** > tt*m a-ieh loyal
and alont hearla ni?1 atrong arm*, franka to Him for the
'icraas that baa accompanied ouj Vrmy witbln the peat ,
yaar, bringing ii. iur in ue c<ytunity a ;?rroan?nt national
peaov nally Id happtr/*a.
rn? oovmwor. or minnmota. .
lei on rctnomber wltb ' /atlt'ide that tbo Ml of tba
li'ihbaioUnati baa bean tr.or? ?b imlantly rewarded in oar
Hiata tb.in we darel to Dope tint tho murdero ia hand of
the uvi{0 Ij for tbn '.ime atajrd ui> n our friotlrr thai
tbe tldo ol liumlgrv.uia baa br .' ght uue*p<xied acraaalO!.a
lo "ir j>>.r<i'- n and we?Uh. t' at ir.lv:?>1 b<>alt#
ba> prevailed am *ng 0'ir people, and that unmual proaparity
ha.i llnW'jd in all lli? i lnnn< I-" of lu I i?tr/ I "l na
tharfcOod fej tha glorlmia victoria' achieved by ogr
brava aol 'i^fa In the n-rca ?lri:*glc for tha n??int?nanca
at Qttr f^/irMiiaat afaiaat caiivi* la U? Qa.4 tt* lm