The allied fleet of England, Francc and Spain,
destined to act against Mcxico lor, an alleged in
Europe, a redress of the injuries and losses in.
flioted on and sustained by these governments and
their subjects at the hands of the people and
cabinets of the republic, has already sailed from
the naval ports of the three kingdoms for this side
of the Atlantic. It is expected that the united
force will assemble at Havana between the 15th
and 20th of December, immediately after which
its commanders will commence operations? naval,
military, diplomatic am! fkiancial? in the Gulf and
on the soil of the Gulf cities of Mexico.
In view of the va9t importance which attaches
to this movement? not only in its present
*wpect, but its future probable results? as
constituting a first and direct infringement
of the Moneoe doctrine, threatening the very
existence of ? sifter republican constitu
tion. and likely to vitally aR?t ii? mtegrity of
,th? republican form of government, not OliTy S
Ijwuco^ buj in the different States of Central and
Booth AmeKca, we publish in the Herald this
morning a historical compilation, exhibiting the
various causes which have conduced to the incep
tion and completion of the tripartite treaty under
which the foreign Powers are about to act.
This statement is accompanied with a map of the
Golf slope of Mexico, which shows the area ol the
territory of the republic, its principal harbors, its
bearings and relations to the United States along
our Texan frontier, as well as the course of the
march of our army from Vera Cruz to Mcxico city
daring the war between our government and thut
of President Santa Anna in 1846 and 1847 .
The written resume embraces the following
points:?
First The complaint or indictment of England, Fiance
and Spain against Mexico.
Seumi? Tim circumstances attending the dismv-sal of
the Spanish Ministor, Senor Pachoco, by President
Jnaret.
Thira?Tbe flight of ex-President Miramon from
Mexico to Havana, and thcnce to Spain, aud his reaction
ary policy abroad.
fourth ? The attempt made by President Juarez to
strengthen Mexico by closer bonds of diplomacy with the
United States.
Fjigland's tactics to prevent the realisation of
the design.
Sixth? An official statement of the foreign debts of
Mexico in 1S60
Srurn'li? Kngland's propagandism of the Idea of a
foreign invasion.
Eiyhth? Tier recommendation of a throne and a Bourbon
or Bonaparte King for Mexico.
Ninth ? Tlie speech of Queen Isabella of Spain to the
Cortes on the subject.
Tenth? A copy of the treaty of alliance, with a reported
secret article between France and Spain.
Flixnth? The naval and military allied forces intended
for the Gulf, an>l now in South America ready for co
operation ? in ships, guns and men.
Twelfth ? A statement of the trade of the port of Vera
Crns, its import* and exports of goods and precious metals
for the yoar 1860.
Thirteenth ? The state of relations now existing betwoen
the llnitei State* and Mexico.
Fburle itfi ? Biographical sketches of the European
ofhoert eoiami j -iuned to conduct the mission of the Allies.
THE ENGLISIT STATEMENT OF TITS CASE,
The British public and press regard the r ciion of their
government, m determining on au armed lut jrvrmtiou
agai?*t Mexioo, with much satisfaction. They argue that
it 1* bvh time for England to bestir her?clf" f'T the pur
pose of putting it atop to the upoiialicm ae<: cruettio* !b
flictod on British subjects by the feeble brigand! whs
carry ou what is called tho pnvernment 01 Mexico, The
titstory of modem times, they iay, afford: no oncli icmtauoe
of fl.igi! >us breach of ' eatrs and thorough disr<^\.:il of
national and othor eng.. , enicntg as have csen presented
i>y the conduct pursac 1 in that wealthy b t dlaorganlted
fejiubllc. Thirty yes. a Fiaoe the n'-wly fnrmcd gftrern
ennnt o( Mexico entered lr to a commorciM treaty with
Kuglund, under which pt nectlon of the persons and pro
perty of British s.ilij.'i ts wag gappoacu to bo guaran
teed. l'pon the faith of these engagements, voluntarily
cntored into on thu part o[ the Mexicans, Britinh subjects
invested a laige amount of capital, and lent to the
government a sum of about sixty millions of dollars.
During tho yearn which immediately tailored the
achievement of ber Independence in 182S, It was scarcely
to be expectod that the new republic would have been
free from those occasional interruptions and political dis
turbances to which all young governments aro liable, and
many of the hindrances to the operations of commerce
which wore occasionally experienced during the struggles
of political parties wore patiently endured, in the reasona
ble expectation that they would prove but of temporary
dnration, and that eventually order apd consolidation
-would take place. Theso anticipations have, unfortunate
ly, nevor been reulized. The condition of Moxtue
him gone on from bad to worse, and to political
agitation has succecded a stai* of oompleto social
disorganization V'or the last three years '.here has
been nothing like a government in the country, and
thuae who have assumed to exorcise supreme powers
hare been among the foremost In acts of lawlessnees and
fpMwr/, '0??? expended the performance of obiija t tvag
? m>n* ?"
I
solemnly entered into toward forolgn creditor*; they
repeatedly seized tho funds specifically approprlaie >
erc.iitors, and committed outrages against right and jus
tice without numbor.
A recent leltsr from Mexico, published In an English
paper, contains the following passage in allusion to the
atrocities everywhere being committed throughout t ??
ropubllc
Events in their peculiar line are
and becoming more notorious in this country. ThK
(October) they have bien somowhat raised in oha uUer
from those of the last, Instead of k dnappln and
holding tor ransom, wo bavo had, as leu Ung
topics, open, barefaced plunder of entire populati ?a,
varied on some occasions by wholesale destruction of
property and mas acre. Instead of only lice . <
savage warfare iu tho murder of opp wing ohiufs, we lmve
beard tho cry of "Death to foreigners" ralsod, and . jaen
the mangled remains of one victim carried ^ the grave,
and foreigners In consequenco drawing near U> tacn
otbor and arming for self defence.
Witbin a single twolvemonth as many as twenty-throe
Englishmen have been murdered, and several othurs, in
cluding the Captain of the Valorous, a British ship-of-war,
narrowly esc iped with their lives. To suoh lengths w&3
this conduct carried that the Bullish and French Minis
ters felt themselves compelled to break off - all diplomatic
Intercourse with the chaotic Mxlcan government.
Thore Is no excuse whatever, argues the linglisb press,
I to be offered for those flagitious acts and persistent dis
honesty of the Mexican republic. They have a country
rich beyond most others in all that can give wealth and
prosperity to a pooplo. Fortunately placed as are many
of tho South American republics, so far as tho gills of na
ture are concerned, there is not oue which is so favorably
circumstanced as this " wretched and misgoverned
Mexico." During a few years or the last century tho
country affords sn instauce of the great reverses whic
may bo there realized. Its mines are more productive
than those of other regions, because they arc more ac
cessible.
The refusal to liquidate the just debts due to foreigners
does not, say tho English claimants, arise from
I any lack of the means of doing so; nor m i.it the blamo
j of the dishonest and nefarious conduct of successive
rulers bo laid upon the Mexican people genorally. The
great bulk Of the people llnd themselves i*>worless in the
bauds of the brigands and rubbers, who seize ujion tho
I reins of government, und who sanction, when they do
not originate, deeds of violence and treachery which are
a disgrace to the present century. The opinion that it
has bocome the .Inly of the government or this country
(England) to inter loro for the protection of life and
property is one which I1". wide .pread, "*.d will meet \i itb
the hearty support of tli I'riti'h iieople. In sending an
armed rorco to the Gulf, tho lulling merchants of
London, Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow have
i urged tho government to It ; and, as one of
the leading English papers says, " tho govern
ment which has at its head the same noblo lord
who employed British force Tor the protection or British
interests in the affair of Don l'acifico? whose boast it is
that the prestige or the old Roman shall cling to the Eng
lishman in every land? could hardly have refused to lu
terfero in the much larger case of Moxlcan repudiation
robbery and murder."
HISTORICAL BtntOSPKCT OF THE CAUSES OF THB
ALLIANCE.
The Idea or an armed European expedition agalnat Mexi
co, for tho alleged purpose of enforcing payment of the
debts due to the British bondholders, and obtaining repa
ration for violence said to have beon done in the plunder
of money from the house of tbe British Minister In Mexi
co city ? was openly broached in the London journals in
the month or December, 1860, and found much Uvor in
the eyes of tbe people. It was then averred that the
principal of the cash loaned by Englishmen to tlicMexi
cans amounted to flrty-two millions or American dollars,
and that these foreign creditors had agreed to accept of a
reduced rate of intcrost? three per cent, the mero product
of existing investments in consols? In consideration of a
guarantee that the payments ehould be conducted with
regularity in future.
I s>me short t ime previously , Com m inder Aldham . or tbe
British war steamer Basilisk, reached tho Guir with
ordota to look after the paymeut or this dobt. He found
Vera Cruz, with other towns on the coast, In possession
of Juarez trnd bis Cabinet, tiooeral Miramon holding power
in Mexico elfy as President or tho republic. Although
the English Charge, Mr. Matheir, was accredited to the
Miramon government, the capUtt ot $hc Basilisk entered
into financial negotiations with Juarez al Verw frus, and
obtained from him drafts to the amount or aboil?
million or ddlat* Tor the use and benefit of the bond
holder*. Tbcae draffs could be cashcd in Mexico fliry
nniv, nnd thither they were fstt, addressed to the repre
?gi;tiV? ?f <fyg?n Victoria. Tins gentleman had them
converted into dollars but here ho encountered a serious
difficulty. Owing to the state of tho country be could not
forward so much specie to the coast for export with any
dsRf,e of safety, nor coald beget it insured except at such
,,, enormous rate of premium as would render the bargain
ruinous. lie therefore placcri the cash in the ??strong
room' ?f the official "residence, secured it with lock and
key affixing the seal of Croat Britain cn tbo door.
Finding soon after that he could not maintain dlplo
mat- relations with Miramon. Mr. Charge Mathow with
drew from Mexico city and retired to .lalapa. This event
took place towards the close of TttCO. Scarcely hid the
minister withdrawn wheu a party of men, acting uuder
government authority, maruhad to his late residence,
forced opeo the doors, entered the -strong room' and
took away the million or dollars.
Siuce i hat period a general irritation against Mexic o 1ms (
prevailed among the capitalists of England, and the
hostile leeliug has been gradually oommnnlcared to iho
masses by means of letters, cd.tonsl articles and reported
speeches published in the pr-s.-. The bondholders ?s
^erted that, this money would have paid them ono balf
vearly dividend at least, and that by the action of the
Mexican Executive they were deprived of this nt a mo
went when tho payments for fourteen hall years remain
ed due.
WHAT FRANCE ALLEGES.
The government of franco, in behalf of its treasury , and
the pockets of some French capitalists, claimed at, this
time a sum of money from the Mexicans exei>cdi"g by a
little one-half of that duo to the Koglirh creditor*. This
cotild not be had, or would not be fiven if In hand; go
thnt we find France had the same sort of financial indict
merit against tbe people of tbe^republic lis Kngland.
i'mding the public mind of both countries in au ozcited
tone on the matter, the English and French governments
commenced to seriously discuss the proposition of
A FORHIGK PROTECTORATE
for Menieo. In the month or December, 1K60, Napoleon
put forward the plea of this money duo . and payment
refused, to Krcnch subjects, while both part ice. perhaps,
agreed that the moment of the realization of civil com
motion and the approach of civil war in the United State*
was a most favorable one for them to make a bold at
tempt for the obliteration of the "Monroe doctrine,'' as
w< U us for obtaining a foothold on the continent) bulb in
Mexico and the States of Central Ameru a.
Tbe scheme was rapidly matured, both in 1-ondon ami
; l'aris. It was made known to the government in Wash- !
mgten early iu January of 1861 , and itb outlines revealed
to the people of I nited ?tjKes through the N?w Yobs
Huui.n, in tbe form of a special communication from
that city, published in our columns on the 26th of that
month.
Juarez ir*? thon la full power in Mexico city , lie having
entered the capital on the 11th of .lenuary. Whit
was ten ied the ' church partjr" was dispersed, utid the
" foreigners" w?re highly elated. None exhibited this
feel inf. rnoro openly than the French residents, a?, evi.
deuce of which we tnay uenUon that the subjects of Na
poleon etil 'rtairod Juarea, General Orieja the other
members of tbe Cabinet, and all tbeetfcbiities of tbe
"constitutional pa^Ti" atajrraiid benqnet on tliel.'i h
of January. Pr?cldetit Juarez was greatly elated at all
this, while Miromun Bad from the neighborhood in com
pany with Inidro Diaz, his chief adviwer. Diaz was
arretted soon afterward*. Miramon himself making a
wonderful esi ? by a bold dash into I he woods. Pia<
was senteaced tote shot; but his execution was p<*t
.puned in censequencc of appeal* made to .luar?i by the
wlfeof Miramon, who wailed on him personally w itb this
intention.
THE INSULT TO SPAIN.
At this period the real difficulty with Spain may be said
to have commenced in Mexico.
j On the 12th of January President .1 usees suddtnly
sent their passports to the Spanish Ambassa
dor. Senor Pacbeco; tbe Pope's fcunu<<, sod tit*
romteters of tbe republics of Ecuador and Gua
temala. The dismissal of tbe lost three named gan
lltmen circled very little excitement, but the course
adopted towards the Spanish Minister produced quite a
furor in the city. The Spaniards lasted themselves Into
a porfeol rage, and declared that the "insult ' given by
Juarez to the repre outat . ve of tbe Quean was tantamount
to r. declaration of war against old 8p?n herself. Juarez
no* made an eCTort to recall the passports; but Senor
Pacbeco, of Spain, absolutely refused to return.
U will thus he seen U>M tliq blow timed bj jaarjj at
the "church party," us It wan termed, In the person of
the Spanish Ambassador, as \ve!l fin a claim of debts duo
unto the Spanish convention, afforded Queen Isabella a
pretext for joining with England and France tn an/ fu
ture operations against Mexico
Thus, in Jauuary last, the influencing ca'tses urging
these three Euroi>ean powers to action against that coun
try may be claused thus: ?
Ej.tji.ahd. ? Tho demands of her subjects for a stringent
collection of the moneys due to them under government
protection, 08 well aa tho vindication of lior authority,
outraged by the attack on and "robbery" of the house
of bur Minister in tlia oity of Mexico.
Kiuirtm ? A desire to have the debts du? by Mexico,
both to her subjects and the government, paid ni>?<'dily,
and before England would exhaust the revenues of l"?
reimbllc in satisfaction of bnr own claims.
Si'ain? Iniiaued by tho dismissal of her Ambassador
by Juarez, wishing to heal her wounded honor, insure tho
safety of Uor Kubjt^'ls, and obtain payment of moneys;
while it may bo .safely asserted that the whole of
Tbs Turk* Forkkin Powrrs thought the timo
tni'Mt opportune for a demonstration to l>? rau'ie,
with tho ulterior objoct of preventing the turritoiial
expansion of the United Stales, as well aa impugning, u
not violating, our territorial Integrity.
POLICY OP MEXICO WHEN ACCUSED. J
BRITISH PROPOSITION TO TUB JUAREZ GOVERNMENT.
England moved drat, and moved on the spot. On the
17th of January last Mr. Matliow. the English Charge,
proposed to Juarez that government should ray back
the EnglUli money roferrod to above within sixty Ave
days, apologize for its seizure ? as he hod now ilio chief
authority ? and roprlmand Gonecal Garza for haviug
taken very latoly at Tatnpico another sum surrendered
to the English Consul by General Degollado. Mr. Matliew
was still at Jalapa, and Juarez ? moved maiuly by the ad
vlco of Senor Ooainpo, his Minister of Finan< "?paid little
if any attention to his plan of adjustment , and so the
matter may be said to have been "laid over" tor solution
at a future period.
A CHANGE IN TIIE MEXICAN CABINET.
Mexico in the mountline uoutinued agitated aud convulsed
as usual. The advent of Juarez to supreme power brought
no peaco to tho country; ho wo find that about the 1st of
February, 1861, ho was nominally at the head of affairs
in Mexico city, while Marquez, M ia, Cobos and other
military men carried on the war in various provinces,
and '/.ulouga proclaimed himsolf President somewhere in
Oaxac*. Certain acts of Juarez soon rondered him un
popular; so ho changed his Cabinet as a means of official
safety. The
NEW MTNJ 3TKB8
wero
Foreign Affair? Zarco
Var Goiizale* Ortega.
Justice Ramirez
1'ublic Worts AU7J?
Treasury I'rleto.
Government Ogazou.
It was thought that this selection would have formed a
good working Cabinet, if not a very strong one, and tho
cry of the foreign creditors for compulsory pressure on
Mexico abated in consequence.
CHANGE OF THE GOVERNMENT AMD A NEW PRESIDENT.
The government was not stable, however, and
an election for President and Deputies to Con
gress was ordered. The result of the con
test was tho elevation of Senor Lerdo de Tejada
to tho office of chier magistrate. This gentleman bad re
sided in the United titates for a considerable period, and
was reputed, by the American and other foreign resi
dents in Mexico, to be the most distinguished btutesnian
of whom the country could boast, and the liberal iileas of
government which he contracted in this country were
very serviceable to him in his new station. During his
resi 'once here his chief desire was to bocome intimately
aoipinintcd witb our laws, institutions and language, and
his career ?s Minister of Public Works and Secretary of
the Treasury under the Juarez administration in Vora
Cruz main pod him as a man of more than ordinary ability.
His cordial desire was always to reconcile Moxic > and the
United State.', and to develops those grand sources of
wealth, prosperity and intelligence which, whon properly
understood, would, as he was convinced, securely bind
the two nations together.
THE EX-PRESIDENT ALLIES HIMSELF WITH
SPAIN.
FLIGHT OF MIRAMON FROM MEXICO.
Mil anion, at this period, was fleeing from his country,
and resolvod to go into exile. After his osciipe to
the woods from Mexioo city, detailed above, he
turned towards Vera Cruz, and on his Journey met
Senor Pacheco, the dismissed Ambassador of Spain,
with a number of Mexican bishops, who were driven
from their sees for alleged treason *g*T"jT Juarez and
the "liberal" party. The sufferers Joint* company, and
reached Vers Cruz in Safety, Miramon preserving a strict
disguise. They reached Vara Cruz on Sunday, the 2Tth
of January, the party including Senor Paofceco, the Pope's
Nuncio, the late Ministers from Ecuador and Guatemala
and the Archbishop of Mexico. They were immediately
n Wiled by the populace , who pelted them with stones,
and sought refuge in the Consulates of theTnited States
aud Fr.mce, the bishops rushing, for the most part, to the
flag of America. while the ex-Ambosaador of Spain shel
tered under that of Franco.
Miramon concealed himself in the French Consulate,
and embarked soon afterwards, with Senor Pacheco, for
another land? General Miramon going on board the vesse'
clothed in the uniform of n French naval officer, which
prevented his recognition by the )>eople. He was accom
panied by Madame Miramon, a very accomplished lady.
MIRAMON ARRIVES IN CUBA.
Tbsnext news of this distinguished party reported Us
arrival in Havana, the fact being announced thus in the
Jhario ilr la Marina of the 5th of February: ? ''A littlo
before puiu et yesterday evening her Majesty's (Spanish)
steamer Valm-ro, from Vora Cruz, entered our harbor
(Havana), having on board his Excellency Don .1. Fran
cico Pacheco, late Minister to Bfexico, with the pmonnel
of the legation; the Nuncio of his IJoline.'.i, Mon.signor
Clement i, Archbishop of Damascus; General Miguol Mlra
mon,and other |iersi?nages of distinction."
REACTIONARY POLICY OF THE GENERAL? WHAT HE
TOLD THE SPANIARDS.
One in Havana, Miramon lost no time In exciting the
Spaniards against the new government of hts native land,
and, whether justly or not, began to lay the foundation
of the preseut position of Spain in tha tripartite alliance,
as a means of avengement on his opponents or persecutors.
As a preliminary, we find the folio wing publication, iu
pplreii, no doubt, by the ex-ruler, in the Dairio de la Ma
rina of Havana, of the 7th of February: ?
F-normous^quantities of silver and valuable ornaments,
gold, precious stonec and sacred vessel* have been taken
from the churches in the capital (Mexico city). From the
Cathedral alma ihe quantity is estimated at more thun a
million of dollars: lor from that beautiful tempi." six
enormous wagon loads ol' rich jewels and ornaments had
been taken, wonders cf ai t; while from the sanctuary of
Guadalupe they had takou even the pold frame of ibe pic
lure of the Virgin and the valuable balustrade of thecbau
cel of the Colegiats, which v. as of solid silver.
JUAREZ TURH6 TOWARDS THE UNITED
STATES.
MEXICO DRAWS CLOSER TO THE UNITED STATES ? A
i NEW AMERICAN MINISTER RECEIVED BY THE PRESI
DENT, WHO DESIGN ATEH AMERICANS AS THE "CIVI
I.I/.ERS" OF THE CONTINENT.
While Kxglaud, France and Spam were either indulging
in spleen or fomenting a bad reeling agsttrt Mexico, the
hood of the republic was seeking to draw closer to the
Unite* States ifi the bouds or diplomatic and democratic^
friendship. TUe Hon. John B. Wcllcr presented to the j
roTcrunHTt, In the end of .tanuary, his credentials as
Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary of tbe
United Slates near the governnu ut of Mexico to President
Juare*. The reception given to Mr. Wctler was of the
most cordial character, and after tbe conclusion of tbe
usual formalities he presented to President Juarez his
credentials and delivered the fallowing speech:
MR Wtl.JtK * SPKBOS.
Mr. Prxsidrxt ? ! ta^ve tire honor of presenting to your
Excellency a letter from .lie President of tbe Suited
States of America, appointing me Knvoy Extraordinary
and MiniOer Plenipotentiary to represent that govern
meat near the republic of Mexico, in presenting these
credentials, your Excellency %ill permit me to observe
thM wbil?t n is my partlciilar prot nee to watch over '.he
interests of my countrymen nnd Ob tain from intermed
dling wiih Ike lira) affair l if Of republic of Mexico , I will,
nevertheless, take great pleasure in doing sll in my power
tasceurc the permanency efyour constitutional govern
ment as It now exists. The erurts of your kxcclleocy to
preserve law and order, to protcct persons and property,
and to carry out thore pr,# prindpttz q/'Hbtrtg which cos
the fomtkUion of ei *ry republican gotrmmrnt, have
kiven you an exalted position emr.ng tho" lovers of free
institutions in every part of tho civilized world. May I
net al?o congratulate ymir Fxcellercj upon the termina
tion of the wnr which he* been usged against tbe const i
tut ;on and the laws ?t' the republic? Pnder the benign
tafl'icaces ot peace i trust that the vast and inexhaustible
rtjovrcea of th.s jurX ration may he lully deve oped I
fei ver.Uc P^ay that the friendly relation* now so happily I
subsisting bit ween our re.-pe etivo govern meets may
never bo t'.isl irbed, find that ullcnr future contests nay '
be at to wlltcll tkall. tto thi. T.itnlfi promrte tike hammer rffht
tftftlr and eii/nd lb c Wv -.inp of ? yulitcan inttftui.'tm.
tub vswunsi i'tt Bitten.
lis. Mi.vrstsR? ft <? ?ery p3^?iu^ to me P e;eive fcara
the har'ls of your Excellenct the tetter In whteb hts Sn
prome Kxcellencv tbe Presidcrt o? ibo United States of
America accredits you as Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of that nation near the govern
ment of the republic of Mexico. I see, also, with much
sr.tisfaotion, that your Excellency, as representative of a
republic with which such Arm bonds of friendship unite
mr owaoOttB'rc, |? dispose I to co op?r?to tow?r'J? the
| i>trengthoning Unconstitutional regime, late)/ restored
l>y the Mexican people at so much cost. Thts c.n cprra'irm
I wiU yrrvly atru l my government in Its great desire to sus
tain order, law and the developement of the groat princi
ples of liberty belonging to our institutions. I receive
with pleasure the congratulations which your Excellency
bas been pleated to address to mo upon the termination
of I ho civil war; and peace once secured, ray constant ef
forts will be directed towards maintaining the moat cor
dial relation* betwnen Mexico and the United States, and
from which will result, not only the prosperity of our
countries, but alio it will causo the extension of liberty
throughout the civilised world. Your Excellency will
mnet in my government the best disposition to maintain
and strengthen the relations which so happily exist be
tween Mexico and the American Union; and I can assure
his Excellency tho President of the United Slates that I
will make the greatest offorts for the preservation of the
i '.uce ami prosperity of thai great people wh?, upon our con
tiXtit, Aaw marked out to humanity (A? Inn path of civiii
tation.
EFFECT OF THE MOVEMBNL,
ENGLAND COOLH DOWN IN II IK ANOBR ? QtTEIN VIC*
TORIA HKCOON1ZKS Jl'AHKZ, AND A88RKTH HKR IN
TEREST IN THE " INDEPENDENCE," " NATIONALI
TY" AND " PROSPERITY" OF MEXICO.
In a short time after the presentation of Mr. Weller
England fully recognized tbo Juarez government, and
proclalmod liorsolf satisflod concerning tbo " money
robbery" JU>4 other international matters. Mr. Mathew,
her Majesty's Charge d'Affiiirfii, relurneJ Id Mf*ico city
from Jalapa on the 16th of February. He was accompa
nind by Captain Aldbam, R. N. , senior officer of the Bri
tish naval forces in the Gulf, with two of bis officers.
From this dato the difficulties botwoon the English and
Mexican governments, growing out of the Infringement of
the rights of British subjects resident in Mexico by offi
cers of the constitutional army, were looked on as satis
factorily settled. On the 26th of February Mr. Mathew
had an audience of Juarez, at which be delivered the
following
OFFICIAL RtimBII 8PRX0B.
Sm ? It is with sincere gratification that, in fulfilment
of the commands recently conveyed to me, I have the honor
to tender the recognition of h r Majesty's government to
your Kxcollency, as the legal head of tbo Mexican repub
lic, together with the assurance of Ike mural support of Great
Britain , which is due no less to the honorable and Just
views entertained by your Excellency and your Cabinet
of the occurrence* which have marked with indellible in
famy the late arbitrary rulo iu this capital, than to tLe
wise basis of religious and civil liberty on winch your
Exceiloncy's govornmont is declared to be founded. Great
Britain has taken a coustant and warm interest in the in
dependence, the nationality ami theprotv- -ity of Urri-n, and
it would betray gross ignorance of the heniiments and of
tho policy by which the councils of tho Que?n, my gra
cious sovereign, are animatou were its porfect disinterest
edness questioned. The natural advantages of commerce,
unrestricted tm trammels and liy high duties, which invari
ably Injure the very objects they are intended to carry
out, and the mutual onjoymo.it uf constitutional liberties,
form a better international bond than that of power or
dominion. I trust I may be porinittod, in congratulating
your Kxcollency upon tlio termination of the Umentablo
civil war by which Muxico has been so doeplv injur od,
to express a fervent hope that the public ponce nuiy rot
be again disturbed; for upon its cndurancc, on the ;i ib'ic
principles now established, I believe the nationality of the
republic to dep nd
The following is a copy of the
RRFLT O* PKK.-mB.NT JOARXZ TO MR. MATUBVr.
M* Charor d'Affairfs ? 1 have pleasure in receiv
ing through you the recognition which Ureal Britain
makes of the legal government of tho republic,
as woll as the ogn- of mural supt-ort made by your
f/inerwm mt to Mexico, on account of the just repro
bation which this government, iu tho name of the Mexi
can poople, has expressed against tho acta commuted by
those who, without the slightest claims to legitimacy,
usurped power in t!ii capital, and on account of civil
and religious liberty b"tng amongst the fundamont.il
principles of our institutions. I am sincerely gratillcd at
tlio interoot you have mmiii'o.vte'1, In the name of your
government, for <*<? indep. ndence , nistionality and prosper'
tyof Mexico, whose government Is loo well awaie ot tbo
intelligence that directs the council* of the t,ueon to
doubt hor interest for a people who have made so ma w
sacrifices to Thieve the great '.reforms vhich are demanded
by civilization, and tho.-e principle* of liberty which have
been sustained by Great Britain with m much vigor. Com
merce, liborty and mutual confldeuco are, in iny con
ception, the strongest bonds that ran unite two peoples,
and it shall bo the constant anxiety of this government to
extend more and more those tios. and mako tliem looting.
I am gratified for the felicitations which you havo ad
drwied me for the re-<. tablishmetit of public |tcace and
the legitimate institutions, as well as for the hopes ex
pressed that in order to reform her laws and Institutions
Mexico will not deju t from tho path of locality . Jut in
the recognition by Great Britain of the legal rule, of there
public an omen of peaie and prosperity, and an example of
the rectitude aud justice winch preside over tho cnuncls
of your august sovereign. You may uS3nre your govern
ment that I shall seek to maintain and extend the cordial
relations which exist between tho two countries, and I
fervently pray for the ?ood fortune and aggrandizement
of Great Britain.
FINANCIAL STATEMENT.
Immediately after this the Mexican Minister of Financo
published the annexed statement of the items end grow
amount of tbe
FOREIGN DEBT OF THE REPUBLIC
and Mexico's liabilities thus:?
British bondholders' debts $60,621,843 00
Spanish Convontion 7,270,600 76
English S|<anish Convention 6,000,000 00
French Convontion 263,490 00
American claims 3,000,000 00
Total of foreign debt $76, li6,133 73
INVASION AND A THRONE RECOMMENDED.
THK FIRST Ol'KN CALL FOR FOREIGN INTERVENTION.
The London Times of the 31st of July sounded tho first
trumpet, which roused the othor two Powers ? France and
Spain? to tho idea of an armed intervention in Mexico.
The Times set out its argument as follows: ?
When I/ird Aberdeen und M. Guizot, somo sixtoon
years siuce, were for uniting to preserve the balance of
power on the American continent, and to savo Texns aud
Mexico from falling into the hands of the ambitious
Anglo Saxon republic, they liula thought that a time was
to come when numbers oi the.r own countrymen would
ba willing, for the cake of morality and humanity that
the Incorporation 8l;OUld take plai e, wliilo the 1'uitoJ
PUUs would be incapable or tbo long meditated a^grc s
Slou. Whatever may be the issue cf the civil unr in that
country, the state of Mexico must engage its early attmti'w mi
the return of peace. Thehopos <>i' conquest to the south
ward, which Mr. JefTorton 1'avis and bis friends
have cherished for so long, seom like'y to be
ruallred should tbo seceders succeed in "establish
ing tbeir independence. If, en the othor hand,
the Union bo focemeuted by forco, tho North will
be able to give a rich bribe t<> the slaveow ners, by allow,
ing them to add to the federal territory tho beautiful land
which is now lapsir ?? into barbarism. Mexico ? cursea by
the occupation cf n mongrel and constantly degenerating
race, superstitious, bloodthirsty and cowardly, i.jnorant to
a degree scarcely to be believed, and yet too vain to loam
from its neighbors ? "annot long remain without somo in
terference from without. Even in the streets of Mexico
passengers are knocked down and robbed almost with im
punity. The governmoat bangs and shoots promptly
where it tan catch the ollendors, who are very often
priests; but da efforts do not seem perceptibly to dimin
ish the number. Indeed, it is plain that the whole country
is thoroughly demoralized and brought to the brink of
ruin, md unless friendly Powers xnter/ert to support the
government it it impossible that civilita'iun con survive the
trials to which it is exposed.
MI'RDKIt OF AN ENGLISH RESIDENT IN MEXICO? ENG
LAND AND FRANCS BREAK OFF DIPLOMATIC RELA
TIONS WITH THE REPUBLIC.
The murder of H. M. 1'eale . one of tbc very oldest British
residents of Mexico, at hie residence at the village of
Naples, in tbc month of Jnly, caused an intense sensation
all over the country, and on tho 25th or that month the
representatives of England and France sus| ended all
diplomatic relation* with the Mexican government.
A SEMI-OFFICIAL WARNING FROM EUROPE TO MEXICO.
After tliis grave event wss consummated, tbo Mexican
Kthacrdinary?*- paper devoted to the interests of Eng
land in a great degree ? of the 2?>th of July, speaking of
the future of Mcaico, said:?
I1> would gladly c tingjna single ray of hope, if tee could
see it, for tk'futiire. otfmiir tvuntry ; but ihe lemon rf the past
is too instrvctive: thPutalilit? </ Mericoto much longer ,;ur
vice independent by herself is demor.jtrated a.,- clear as any
probl'merer has been. A country that has been so muni
ficent in days of affluence, that b?s contributed so much
to lb'' support of oih<*r countries, now comparatively
rich : that at one time w*? the greatest object of the com
menial adventurers and privateers of Kng.'and. and
which has scattered through the world upw ards of tbiee
thousand millions of hard dollars, and is still po?si>si>ed of
untold mineral and agricultorsl wealth, cannot be ul
lowed forever to pui^ue a course to anarchy and ruin.
liiaf it hat reached the point it has, nnquertionaUy has been
attributable to the reluctance of European Powers to risk a
collision i '1th the colossus of Ihe North at the question cf the
Monroe doctrine. The recent change in the position if the
jVorthern coloifim, ?* regard* other portions cf America . vnll ,
no douU give Ji'.'J life to long Si umbering desire.' Spain
faa.? already taken adviuitage of the American troubles to
seize < neof her lost coloniep, and if we reflect upon the
manner in which Uominics has been restored, and con
sider the number of laniards in the clergy service in
Mcxiio. the reception given to Miramon, although a
brsnded leloo. by tbe Kmperor Napoleen, through the
mat ag^ment ol (Jeneial Almonte, it ti not difficult to ft
thai the yaiiK Dominic* may bt cry toon re-tn9?(ed m
Jfczico.
AN ELECTIVE MONABCBT RSfOMMENDBP AS A CURE.
The London Times of the 4th oi September argued tbe
esse of Mexico snd Its cure thus
Some announcement regarding Mexico is awsited with
general anxiety by ihe meicantilo world. It i* no longer
a bondholders' question, tbe additional interests that '.all
for red ens bung of I'ar greater magnitude. European
capital is i*r tely lovolvod in the mmhig industry of We\t
co; tb? tra-V' in Engllvh and French manutactured goo.la
i.? eveniMi'* iuij>ortant. and should be very extensive, and
the i/icfrrrphtca' position cf ths republic tn the highway
frem ea t to utett is so peculiar ri s to ham a political hear
ing on the future of aU lomtnerrial nation*, isolated a< lion
on Ihe part of Enldaiid would, in the present stage of af
fairs, merely lend to counter schemes by France, or Spain,
or the United StutcR, oacli against each, and a condition
would thus, evoti at tho bust, be produced analogous to
that which hs< parmyzod every good step in Turkey.
71) ali. lha' u necessary a >ombinatwn tvill
be essi ijial. Tbls will take i-ome little time; but
il is scarcely i?ssiblo to doubt that It may be
accomplished to the satisfaction of all parties.
Ati'erios will do'ibtless bo guided by tbe policy of pre
i venting the Intrusion < i a European monarchy, but will
bo willing, perhaps, to aid any settlement that shoo id
(tire sufficient stability to Mexico to promt her from fall
ing to the Southern cimfnteracy , or from being a ruttfect of dit
pule Ubueentl two tectiunt of Ike Uniim in case the federal
government sfumid yH be preserved. In her case, too hlgbor
and better considerations would not be without influence.
Among the deposed princet and other teekers for authority
now out of heart in Eurujie, there might , perhaps, be found the
necessary pertain. Don Juan de Bourbon, with his consti
tutional professions, might bs cliaugod, lor Instance, Id
this sphere, from a mischievous intriguer to a most useful
potentate. It would probably , howi.ver, be hard to sa
tisfy America by such ? selection, and If thero is to bs a
permanont settlement America must be satisfied. 0?*
suggestion under that view of the case hat been thai ty> hyUrr
um Bonaparte might be selected, as an eyw\ gmtificalvm
J1!! ?*'.<ir"l? so rooment..us
W a r JuU that wHI rat0/^ - diplomacy to carry
u to a result that nUl r??fjov# lhe dtegraC? 0f the past.
D0N. JTfAN I)B BOURBON BKPUMATES A THRONE.
The idea set afloat by the London Time* was dissipated
to some extent by a letter from one of the candidates
thus "informally" nominated for tho throne of Mexico.
Don Juan de Bourbon, writing to the editor on the 10th of
September, says:?
Allow mc, since the channels which spread the report
are closed to me, to publicly disclaim in your column' any
thought or desirr "f the honor assigned me. Heir of the
Spanish throne by my birthright, I hope yet to be Kin*
by the election of the people. But for me the throne of
MTV0 hHi fUfrV/wnr. I do not look upon mmelf as a
party to the Plan de Yavala, whereby it was proviiled that a
Sjxinish prince should succeed to the power then lost to the
mother country. I am unknown In Mexico, and have no
adherents, and but few personal friends, among any of
the parties who divide this distracted country; so that I
c?uld only hope to occupy lt? throne by the support of
foreign bayonets. Such a course would bo utterly repug
nant to my Ideas.
TEE INTERNAL DIVISIONS OF MEXICO FAVOR AN INVA
SION? HOISTING OF TUK SPANISH FLAO BT THE
CHURCH PA RTF.
On those matters we were informed by a special letter,
dated on the Mth of September, to the Herald, from
Mexico city: ?
The French and Spanish Ministers stand aloof from all
contending parties here, and, although a strong faction of
political intriguers favor British influence, the majority
of all classes hit of a different opinion.
The Spanish flng has been unfurled by some of the
clergy Cor cms in the Sierra: the Vice Consul, when inter
rogated on the subject, declares be is entirely ignorant of
the motive of this net, which is significant when placed
by the side of tho fact that a largn number of Spanish
officers have procured positions in tho army of tho clergy,
and overy day increaros tho number of applicants. These
movements certainly look as if their object was no other
than to obtain a supremacy over the Mexicans, and to re
peat in Mexico the same game which has born enacted
In ?t. iNnningo. The fact that some of these chiefs have
raiFid iti > Spanish flag is evidence sufficient to direct the
attention of other Powors to the movements of Spain in
this quarter.
THE TREATY DEBATED AND EXPLAINED.
AfJJTATION FOB AM ARMKT* INTERVENTION.
During the month of Octobor the question of on allied
treaty t.galust Mexico waa warmly and simultaneously
agitated In London, Paris and Madrid, and the London
Post? sorernmont organ? of the 19th of that month, an
nounced the near accomplishment of the convention to
lli is effect to the people In the following terms:
Wo believe we may state that .subject to the terms or
a convention between England, France and Spain, which
i.< lik' ly to bo concluded in tho course of a few dnys, the
expedition which is about to ba despatched to Moxico will
consist of three tjuadjvm, respectively furnished hj th-cov
tracting parties. It is understood that, for the purpose of
nflbrding Immediate and efficient protection to the live*
a.id properly of foreigners resident in Mexico, her Catholic
Majesty am! the Emperor of the French have iletermined
cUo to dcsrntrh a military force, consisting of si* thousand,
men, of which five thousand will be contributed by Spain
and one thousand bu France.
About the same moment the Paris organ of the
church jiarty? the Patrie, the ConatUutiimnel, and other
French journals, as well as the Cirrespondencia and Auto
grafa of Madrid, canvassed the matter in a similar strain,
the writers bojng unanimous in opinion that the move
ment would result in the most Importaut consequences to
the political relations existing between Europe and Ame
rica. Indeed, the Pari? Drbatx of the early part of No
vember, in an article ou the subject, asserted:
It Is like retaking possession, at least moraVy to, of Ame
rica by Europe. It constitute* a real infrinaem,-nt on the
fttmnus drclrine of Jfonroe, which pretended to interdict
Euroj e forever from exercising any influence otter the des
tinies a f Amr ica. No one can, in fact, doubt thai the
Tate of Mexico now depend?, more or less, on the three
Interfering I'owers; their presence alone may lead to revolu
tion' wh ich their sword ? rr.uld support, in case of need. Thus
Mexico enturs on a crisis the issue of which iB in the
hands of Europe.
THE SPEKCH OF TUB QUEEN OF SPAIN,
Delivered at tho opening or tho Cortes, in Madrid, ex
plains tho project in the following words:
(jKNTt.EMitN Smkatokh axd Utrimss? Disorder and tr
ee?* bavo reached their Height In the unfortunate country
of Mexioo. Treaties having been violated aud rights for
gotten, my subjocts having beon exposed to serious at
tacks and continual dangers. It became indispensable at
length to make an example or salutary rigor. With thi*
objeet my government hud made tho nocessary prepara
tions, when two great nations found that thijy had to
complain or acts or violence on tho part of the Mexican
authorities. Our wrongs were ommon; our action
should be joint. My govornmont desired as much.
Proper steps ror this purpose were at tirst favorable; but
the result did not. correspond with the desires of the other
two nations. Subsequently Franco, England and Spain
arranged together to obtain that satisfaction which was
duet* them, and to prevont. the repetition of offences
which scandalized the world and outraged humanity.
Tims th* designs will be accomplished the execution or
which has been the constant object of my government.
At the proper time an account will be rendered to you of
the convention which, with this object, has been signed
by the representatives or the three Powers.
TEXT FOR THE INVADING FORCES.
TUB TitrPAKTlTK TKEATT.
The public mind being thus prepared, the paper was
signed in I<ondon on the 3l3t of Octobor.
We read in tho Paris Monileur of November 13, that
the convention by which France, England und Spain have
agreed to combine their forces, in view of a common ac
tion toobtain from M^.tIco tho satisfaction due to them,
w.is signed in London on tho 31st of October.
We aro assured, although we cannot absolutely guaran
tee the fact, that the conditions of the convention are
very nearly as rollows: ?
The convent ion consists or five or six article* at most.
Tho tin t stipulates the common action or tho tbreo
Powers. TIij otti rs regulate the modo or intervention.
The throe Powers wiH each tend an equal naval force.
Two thirds or th? land forces will be rurnishod by tho
Spanish army of tho Antilles.
The allied forces will occupy Vera Cruz and all such
points on the coast us to them may seem necessary. This
done, they will address lhemselVcs to tho constituted
authorities of Mexico. If that government concedes right,
the commanders or the expeditionary corps will submit
the agreement for the ratittcatlon of ther government,
holding the places occupied until there be a complete set
tlement.
Tho occupation will bo made in the name or the three
Power?, whnlovor may be the number or the occupying
forces. At tho beginning an effort will be made to im
pose a suspension of hostilities on the belligerent parties
in Mexico.
Tho three Powers agree not to occupy permanently any
point of the territory , and not to obtain any exclusivead
vantagc in Mexico.
They also eniiago to leave Mexico entirely freetochoos*
hor own form of government. England gavo up tho con
ditions which sho wished inserted in the treaty ? viz: ?
that tho threo Powers should pledge themselves not to
acccpt tho throne of Mexico for any princo of tholr reign
ing families: if the monarchical form provails the Powers
pledge themselves not to use intervention to the profit of
any prince in particular.
The London Ga:etlee, of November 16, publishes the
treaty in regard to tho combined expedition of England
France and Spain. I
It is signed by l.ord John Russell, Signor Tfiluritz and
M. Flahault. H has five articles.
The fourth article says, that after the signatur** to the
treaty was made, a copy of it was^communicated to the
government or the United States, and that the Ministers
or the contracting Powers at Washington aro authorized
to conclude it separately or ?ollectiveljr with {'resident
Lincoln. As delay, however, would jeoparadiae the suc
cess of the expedition, the Commissioners operations are
not to be deferred for obtaining the accession or the Uni
ted States to the traity niter the forces have assembled
in the neighborhood o t Vera Cruz
DESIGNS OF THE CATHOLIC POWERS.
A PRORKT CONVENTION BETWEEN SPA*' AND Fit A NOB.
Wt have f.lready been informed from London nnd Paris
that, its is usual in European diplomacy, a secret
article Id extension of this treaty ),as been sign
ed between the Queen of Spam and the Em
peror ofl ranee. As tlilefaet Is of the high><it importance
in (oncction with the demonstration, foreshadowing as It
dees ulterior deigns on the part of the** sovereigns, wc
may stal* here that we have assurance*, derived from
trustworthy sources in Madrid, that such a paper has
been already drafted atid ratified, i'hie article provides: ?
That Spain ebail march troops? as we know sbeisal. {
ready determined to do ? into Mexico, and take possession
of the territory of the republic to at great an ezU.nl as possible;
that Napoleon ihall guarantee, her this possesion against
Jin{,land ami the United Slates should either or both of these
Powers object to it; and that for this aid Spain shaHcedeto
France her proiincial pactions of the Balearic 1 (lands, in
the Meditterronean.
THE SPANISH PROVINCES OF THE BALEARIC ISLANDS.
The Baleares form a group of five islands in the Medi
terranean, between latitude 38 degrees 40 minutes and
40 degrees 6 minutes N., and longitude 1 degree aid 5 de
gree* E. , consisting of Majorca, Minorca, Iviza, Formen
tera and Cabrera. The united area is 1,753 square miles.
The population In the year 1840 was 263,000. The climato
!* temperate and healthy and tho soil fortile.
Majorca (or, aa the Spaniards call it, Ma yore* ) is tha
central and largest of theao is lauds, and is [ram , '
Spain 110 miles southeast. The area la l,4ao square
miles. The population Is 181,806. The aitrface of U?
country is vary irregular, the BUla da TorllVaa rising is
6,114 foot above the love! of th? sea, with a rniW and ta
lubrious climate. Ita prMuota consist of olivoa, wine,
brandy , fruits, sj^fr0D> jjsx and hemp, which, with mulaa,
aasea, rush <wd wood on wares, hata,4o., form the prln
?'P*1 exports. The Imports oomprlw corn, from 9 pa la;
beef, iron, hardwarea, io., chiefly from Spain, Eng
land, France and Northorn Europe. The principal towna
are I 'alma, the capital; Llumayor, Mnnaror and follenca.
Minorca Is the second largest of the Baloares. Ita
length from west to east la thirty-two mile", and Ha
average breadth eight mllea. Ita area is about 260 square
miles, and it has a population of 44 ,000 souls. Tha coaat
la very rocky and Indented, but the aurface of the country
'a undulating. Mount Toro, the highest land, Is 4,TM
feet in height. The soil is poor and sandy, with hara
and there some arable tracts. The corn raised
ia Insufficient for home consumption, but wine ta
ralaed for exportation. The other product? are flax,
hemp, saffron, capera and cheese, which, with wool,
honey, wax, iron, lead, copper and (Inn marble, com poaa
the principal export*. Th<- impot ts consist of wheat , all,
woven fabrica and other manufactured goods, tobacco and
colonial prod' ce; but the Inland has none of that commer
cial activity displayed during Its possettsou by the Eng
lish in the last eentury. The island ia aub-dlvidad into
four districts, and the principal towna are Port Maho*
and Cindadela. It was taken by tha English in 1708, aal
ceded to tha French in 1760. It waa restored to Great '
Britain in 1763, and eventually annexed to Spain by tha
treaty of Ami mih, in 180S.
Iviza is the smallest and moat westerly of these tetania,
and is twenty-two mllea long b. about twelve wide. II
has a population of 11,000. The principal baya are thoaa
of San Antonio and Iviza. Tha temperature ia mihl. !%?
surface of the country ia hilly and well wooded. Soaaa
valleys are fertile and produce olives, corn, flax, hemp,
flg8 and almonds. Tha fisheries are important. Timber
and salt from large salt works along the coaata are al
moat the M>le exports, and the Inhabitants are greatly
Impoverished. The principal town is Ivi/a. th? capital,
on the southeast coast, with a population of 6.G70.
Formkktkra is six mllee south of Iviza. Its length freae
wcbt to oast is thirteen miles, and ita breadth from twa
to ten miles. It has a population of two thousand per
aons, whose principal occupation is agriculture.
Caiikrra is nlno milet. & th of Majorca. It lias a fort
and a a mall harbor, and is Ub<*l by the Spaniah govern
ment as a place of exila.
If the rumor of the transfer of these Wands to Franoa
be true, it will ba a most significant movement at tba
present tima, indicating the persistent determination of
the reigning Emperor to carry out the fond idea of tha
flrst Napoleon, of converting the Mediterranean into a
French lake.
CHARACTER OP THE MISSION.
THE ALLIED EXPEDITION AS ORGANIZED.
This mission partakes of a naval, military and diplo
matic cbaractor, each of the three contracting Power*
furnishing war vessel*, marines, soldiers and a Commia
iionor, all being organized and instructed with* View to
unity of action and uniformity of policy should the repub
lic of Mexico seek to resist them by force, or consent 10
treat with them with a view to a settlement. The naval
and military forces will bo poworftil, and provided wlU?
all the material necessary for a blockade of the coast, the
bombardment of cities, or an invasion of the soil and hos
tile occupation ou land.
Judging from the tone of the British press, as well M
the spirit which Uree the Spanish mind towards an at
tempt at modern transatlantic conquests, we can hardly
doubt that the three Powers now eutertaln ulterior
designs, involving the very indepondemo of the constitu
tion, as well as a change in the form of the government
^The'l^ndon Shipping Gazette? an organ of the mercan
tile community of England? remarked in a recent num
ber on this part of the subject:?
If the Mtoxfran government should continue te adhere
to the old tariB, and levy old rates upon goods as they
pass up the country? and this Is by no moans improba
ble? we Cney bo absolutely compelled toseiro the capital
itself, and drive from power those who have hitherto de
Oed reasonable and Just demands. Whether America will
take part in the expedition is very doubtful; but on*
thine is certain? namely, that a mere recognition of our
claims, and a partial payment of sums due to thoso whj
have beau defrauded by successive governments, will not
answer the end in view. 8pain, whose interests are, Ills
aaid far greater than those of either England or France,
seems determined to push matters to an extremity. Ski
IJtf "not, 1" apprfkmd, 1* uiHxflei W1*?"
qf Vera Cnu or Ihvtpicc. The result will be that she will
punti on te it??
Thelxmdoo KmaWi:?
The British government will, In the first instance, de
mand redress, and, U this * "Aired, erantwprlsals
acainat "the ships, vesecls and goods" of tho republic ief
Mexico. The right of granting reprisals is nsurt yeKerclss*
as a preliminary to war. In the year I860 ? Brltiah squad
ron was despatched ta Greece for the purpose of obtaining
satisfaction of the claims or a British subject, and no war
ensued. But when redress fa refused, not only may the
?'ships, vessels and gooda" of the refuting State be con
demned, but towns andatrong places may be attacked,
seized and occupied until full and complete sattefaotio.
haa been afforded.
Other English papers tall us that France and England
will have dMBculty in restraining Spain from making ?
general war on Mexico on hor own account, while the
Madrid journals declare that Queen Isabella la able to,
and will, effectually avengo herself oa the Mexicans sin
gle banded, even if Franco and Eugland refuse to join
^Another hint at a change in the form of the govern
ment of Mexico is contained in a letter from Paris, ad
dressed to the London Chronicle, which reads thus:?
It is said that some influential i>ersonages in Mexico
h ' ?r0?y<ed to Mr. Patterson, who is well known from
WiTfaw smts to establish the legitimacy of his mother's
niarriane with Prince Jerome Bonaparte-wme person
am.., I sav are stated to liavc proposed to this gentleman,
on account'of his connection w ith the Bonaparte tamllv,
to bring about hi! election for UJe to the Prauieticy of tto
M in can republic.
tiie movement and means op the
ALLIES.
the reason for allied operations.
The power of the Allies to carry out a portion or the
whole of this novel and rather alarming programme can
be more correctly estimated after a perusal of an enrnne
ralion of the fleets and troops which are intended to operate
in the Gulf of Mexico immediately. We give the ex
hibit underneath, remarking that some of the vessels are
already near tho spot, others have just sailed from the
ports of England , France and Spain, and that it is expect
ed that a general rendezvous or the entire expeditionary
corps will take plaoo at Havana between the 15th and
20th of Uccember.
THE BRITISH FLEET AND ARMY FOR THE
GULF.
RRAR ADMIRAL SIR ALEXANDER MILNE, R. N., K. C. B.,
COMMANDER? LIEUTENANT COLONEL 8. N. LOWDBR,
COMMANDING MARINE IORCK, ETC.
The English contingent to the expedition destined for
immediate action against Mexico sailed from Plymouth
Sound at noon on Wednesday, tho 13th of November.
The vessels passed through the Sound In the annexed or
der, the wind blowing half a gale rrom the northward ot
east at the moment:?
Name of VtUtL r n?' ^
Conoueror Edward S. fcolbeby C. B w
Donegal Sherard Osborne, C. B. . . . W
SaMMrfeC Arth,ir r E" Wllmol> C B 70
Totel guns
This squadron is orderod to touch at Barbadoes and Ja.
maica, and then stand for Vern Cruz.
THE BRtTtFH MILITART PORC*
Embarked on boaM the* FbM|? consists entirely <*J
Royal Marines, light Infantry, and numbers eight hundred
men chosen from the depots nt Chatham, Plymouth and
Woolwich. They constitute the Starfish redltio?,
Battalion of Marine-," end arc commanded by the follow
iQ* r.oTAt MAWN* omCERS,
taken as follows. - chalham
_ . Kame. Remnrk*.
t (fit Colonel.. 8. N. lfiVder. TJeutent Colonel Lrw.ter
Lieut, loio rnnks as "second in c.>m.
mand'' of the whole force
when complete, but his su
perior officer? who, it it
thought, will nave power aa
British Commissioner ? ha*
cot been named
3. Hi.ikiison.
h. Moot.
I tou tenant H. Price.
U^Dt. XM Hamilton.
Lieutenant w Me-nsles.
Captain Hoskinson is appointed Paymaster, and Llenta
cant Hamilton Adjutant te the Battalion.
Prom Plymouth.
T.ieutenent Colonel George lamdbrlck.
Captain William C. P. Elliot (Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel).
Captain .....Charles Slaughter.
fininin William Taylor.
SpSn H"ZnZ
First I.ieutenant fharlee Hope t
First Lieutenant Andrew Wm. D. SmUh.
First Ueutenent Mackey A. Herbert James
Horiott.
First 1 ie'itensnt Edward Owen Brown Gray.
First Lieutenant John ^'T"" (,U J
Second Lieutenant Michael Allen 8. Kree.
Second Lieutenant Henry
Keeonrt Lieutenant JaspM NlcholU
Sucond Lieutenant Charles Morton Barham.
The continent of marines from Plymouth