Tbo advance of General Sherm&u b array was, on Tues
day la*, the Olh lust., witbtu twcnty-livo miles of Sa
vKnn:.b, according to the admissions of the rebel news
papers, and vigorously pressing forward. Oa that day
It marched eighteen miles, and the different columns
were said to be concentrated Tne rebels estimated Sber
man's Infantry force at twenty thousand muskots, and say
that a most enormous wagon train accompanied tbe army.
Little roiisunco baa been met witb, and all tbe terriOc
fl;hting which is chroniclcd in the Southern prints was
nothing more, evidently, than mere sicirmlsbing, but tbe
*-? a*j.??n?W will
rebels anticipated a heavy battle -? ??
reached. Fights bet aeon Kilpatr.ck and Wbeoier on the
Sd, 4lh and 5th wst are retried, in the former two i f
which tho enemy acknowledge they were compelled to
Tetira In one of them they claim that Kilpatrick was
wounded.
Tbe steamer Donegal, from Port Royal, S. C., on the 7 b
Inst., which arrived a( Philadelphia yesterday afieruooj.
brought Important Intelligence f tbe movctnnms of
General Foster and Admiral D*blgr?n la South Carolina
[or co-operation with Geae uJ c'lierman lbeir y int
naval and land expedition moved up Broad river from
Reaufort on last Tuesday, tbe Gib, for tbe pur
pose of destroying Pocotaitgo bridge, ou which the rail
road from Charleston to Savauu.h crosses the Coos.,
wbatchie river. The gunboais opened tire on the enemy
after a proper position hud been reacbod, thus covering
tbe landing of tb" I'n on troops, who pushed forward,
driving tne rebels before tbein, and, before night, reach
iog and burning tbe bridge, ttiuo cutting off all chance o(
reinforcement* from Charleston reaching Savannah Our
men then securely intrenched themselves in tbe Ticioity.
General Foster bat communicated with General Sber
man. As Geueral Sherman his cut all tbo other railroads
running north from savannah, tbere was little cbancc
left for relief to tbe reoci* at that place. Tbe belter in
General Foster's army wa* tbat Geaural Sherman would
be in Savaunah on tbe 14th Inst (to-morrow ) We g ve
this mori lug a map ahowing (Jeneral Sherman's route
from lid ten and Geue al Flier's position at Pocotaligo.
No engarvment has yet taken place at Nashville be
Iween tbe lorce* of Generals Thomas and Hood
A Cairo dexpatcb motes tbat a detachment from tbe
rebel a<my of H'?d, estimated at four thousand, ui.der
Genera! Lyon, arc now on their way towards Ken
tucky, If they have not already arrived there,
having on Friday lust crossed tbe Cumberland
river, some twenty mllee above Fort Doooifon, on
b ard the k von ment transport Thomas F.. Tutt, which
the>- ee ed lor tbe occasion. After tbe rebels bad all got
across tliey burntd tbe steamer, which was loaded with
government lorage. Wo give despatches detailing the
Interesting events of tbe fgbtmg and skirmishing for
several days In the vicinity of Murfreesboro, where
General Rousseau Is In command of the Union
troops. The Dgbtmg comw^nced on the Sd Inst, and
was ooctinued on eacb successive day up to the 7th,
when finally tbe rebels, under ccmrr.aad or Forre&t a
l>erion, were ?o vigorously i barged tbat they fled in com
plete rout, and have not rinc? made their appearaoce.
On tbis occasion Kousseau's men captured two hundred
and seven rebel prisoners, inciudiug e gbteen ollliers,
and fourteen cannon.
Tbere wa? much excitetsent in Memphis on last frlday,
caused by a report tbat Beauregard, with a strong force,
was marebmg on Font Pillow. About one hundred and
fifty negro soldiers were recently drawn Into arabush, on
the Arkansas side of the Mississippi, opposite Memphis,
and nearly all of them, It Is suid, wero either killed by
tbe rebels or drowned In the river. A despatch stat?a
tbat Osceola has been occupied by s snail force of the
anemy. There are several towns of the name of i?sceola,
but probably tbe one alluded to Is Osceola, io Mississippi
county, Arkansas, on tbe Mississippi river, eighty-tevsn
n.iiee above Memphis.
Our despatches from tbe Jamo< river srmies pub lsh?4
this morning five additions' paMlcliars o' th? reconnoll
sanoe of Geoeval M ies' command on Friday laU to
flatrb' r s run, on the right of llie rebel forces defending
Petersburg Alter capturing tbe enemy's works CeO'jrai
Miles' men be'd tbera throughout tbe night. Thsir object
bsing arcompl'i'ii4. they ??>? pr<paring next m>rn
tng to return to the Army of tbe Pot'tnac,
wbea a furious charge was made upon th< m
by the rebel*, who were soon, however, re
l>u sed, and In turn charged upon and driven for
? me d U'.<??. After thii the Union troops returned to
tbeir o,d ramp, wbtch tbey reached cB Saturday eveni g.
lbeir casialti s were sllvht. A number of rebels were
captured. Tbi rebal d vl oa under command of General
Field ma le a reconoolssonce on Saturday down tbe Dir.
h> ytown roi.d, on the right of General Holler s lines.
Tbey seems 1 to be uDnfit' wMi a v;ry Lasty olie va
lion, as tbey soon retnced thoir steps. About midnight
pn Friday tbs rrhal artillery opened heavily b"th oo Dutch
f.ap and on the right of the Army of the Jims*, nsir ths
New Market roid, but witb little effect, lbeir lire was,
however, responded to. There |i bo later news of a
p'-sttlve ch*r?i.isr froni tbs couimn under (.eoeral
Warren, wl.'cb weal S ithwaii on Wednesday last
Along tbe Wei loo Railroad. II.ere were unCMl rm'd
t .tn rs ttisl be hid had a light and g"jed a victory
at Jsrrati's station, thirty twcmi:e* fnm letersbu'/.
lbs Ulclinond newspaper men tbii k liat Matron's
AukMAAliwO M tSfvAiUlJ Wsi4"0, Nortli tar |'ma whli.b la
only about sixty mllM from Petersburg. The lodgment
of a small foroe of Unloa troope on the south side of
James river, bstvsM Drury's Bluff and tts Howtelt
House, U now admitted by the rebel papers, but they
say thai the number of men is too few to be of any ac
count.
One of our St Louis correspondents glfes us a very
interesting history of the late invaslouary expedition of
the rebel General Prloe into Missouri, and of bis subae
queni hasty retreat back into Arkansas. One alvlslon or
his army, It appears, mutinied after their return t<)
the latter Stale, because, they said, they had been
deceived, and had not received the plunder promised
them. His force, instead of being Increased by the
Invasion, as he anticipated, was dwindled down from
twenty thousand to twelve thousand armed men. He
lost e'even cannons, and his cavalry, animals and tra ns
were nearly used up when be again reached Arkansas.
In every respect his expedition was one of the compleleat
failures of the war.
New Orloans advices of the 5th Inst, have reached us.
It Is said that Captain Semmes, who arrived at Maw
moros some time ago, and proceeded thence to Rbh
mond, bad been ordered to the latter place to be trted
for the loss of the Alabama. The steamer Iko l'avls,
which was seized over a month since, on hor voyage
from a Texan port, bound lor New Orleans, by rebel
pirate passengers, aftor the manner of the Chesapeake
and Roanoke, and taken to Matamoros, had been sold for
over thirty-five thousand dollars In gold. The steamor
Orizaba, from New Orleans lor Matamoros, had also been
seized by the rebels and sold. Considerable energy has
recently been infused into operations at the various
military posts along the ilissi sippl river abovo New Or
leans, and affairs are said to be assuming a Dew and
vigorous aspect. The Mississippi and lied rivers are djw
both very bUb.
We give this morning, as usual, a compilation of very
intere.~tibg extracts from r??5el newepapcrs. lo the rebel
senate on the 8th inst., the resolutions In refernnee to
the seizure of the pirate Florida by tho Wacbusett were
ad >ptod. The rebel papers comment on ihe recent Mes
sage or President Mncoln, and think it is commonplace
aud (ecble.
CONGRESS.
In the Senate yesterday a petition was presented from
tbo Western Ass chtcd ProsB, asking for a reduction of
the duty on imported paper. It was referred to the
Finance Commilteo. A petition from Major General Ood
irey Wellzel aud four hundred and seventy other officers of
the army was presented, asking an increase of pay to the
am juni or twenty dollars per montn. and an Increase of
tho commutation price of rato:is from thirty lo fl'ty
cents and .il?win^ siite n dulars per month. The sub
ject was referred to the Military Committee. The
llooie jo at resuluttan authorizing the enlargement of
the N vy Department bui.diug was reported. A
resolution ttJB W1** ot
levying M addl'ional tax or one per oent on all sales
of real and per onal pr perty, merobandise. produce,
go:d*and silver coin and stocks; also an additional tax of
twenty-five per cent on tbe ?rosi receipt* of rallroids,
eleauboaU and ferries; also to prohibit the orgaoiz-Ulon
ol any now banks, except lo place of State banks; alsi
tbe redemption ?>( outstanding Interest bearing legal
teuder notes, and h->uin{ tn their st-nd notes of not less
than Ally dollars, beinug 3.65 per coot Interest, to be
made le^al tcuders for tbelr face, with iotorest a 1 ded,
was referred to tbe Finaice Committee. Mr. Divl*, of
| Kentucky, presented a saries of resolutions proposing
variuus aiueuJmoots lo the cm-lHuiion with a view to
p**ac* and tbe reconstruction of tbe Union. Res>
lutions providing for t:ie e-nylojmeut ot apprea
tioes on board merchant ships, and for licensing
vessels tradiog oa Hie Ailintic ?nd Culf coast*, were
roferre I to the Cora nit lee on Commerce, as was also a
bill re<tiiaiiu* tbe measuromont of the toouage of ships
aud prescriftio* tbe r't) of ciurgei for the s ime. A bill
to extend tbe time lor oompletiog certalD land grants to
railroads in Minnesota, was referred io me Committee oa
Public lAnds. Ths resolution calling for the leport of
the curt m irtlal on tbe oouducl ot General Paine, at
i'aducah, Kentucky, was re'erred to tbe Military Com
iniltec. In executive se?siin the nomination or Mr.
Spesl as Attorney General was conttrined.
In tbe ll vjse of Kepresontativjs the bill establishing a
uniform bankrupt law was taken op and passed, without
debate, by twenty majiritv. It is believed that the
Senate will aUo pan? this bill during tbe prosent session.
The consideration ot the que-tiou or the duly on clears
wis postponed till Ibursday next. A loot debate ensued
on the report of the commilteo appointed to select a site
for a navy yard and d.?pot for iron-clad ships of war The
minority ar in favor of I.eagua Island, at Pmladelpbta,
while tho maj irity recommend Sew I, tndon. No decision
was arrived al. A resolution In favor of bridging tbs
Hudson rive* at Albiny, and m?kmg said bridge a
military and post route, was referred to tbe Po.'t ofUce
Committee
MISCELLANEOUS NEWS.
We have flies of the Jioyal Si 'tidard, ot Turk's Island,
In ibe 2o.no N'ovembar. Tbe papers contain no news,
if we etc pt the movements In tbe salt ma-ket, a matter
of primary importance throughout tbe world Sub oined
Is a ;>aruf[rap i from the S'.arula>d of the lateU date?
??Some ol our proprietor# bom* over anxious to dispose or
a portion or their crop, and rearing ? further decline of
price io ibe American m irket, liavo sold one or two car
^oes at a price b'llo* o ir lasl quotations? fifteen oents,
but the quantity sold is, we understand smalt, and no
d< ubt the improvement ? pries in New York will lend to
make ibe pries l.ere tl m ai rorraer q lota'lons. Much or
Ibe ?alt on h .nd is exposed to tbe weather, and what
with the l ies by rain and tbe three or four cargoes
slit. ped cicb iveek. the qunutlty on hand at the end of
next March will be very small. Fluctuall >n In price,
without ? reasonable cau?e, la apt to injure our trade,
and proprietors should endeavor to avoid as mucb as p s
Bible au undue variauen In price or any nnsteidiuMS
which Is likely to deceive our foreign customers."
Tbe Hoard of Aldermen met yesterday afternoon, Pre
tidenl Heory lo tbe chair, and disposed or a large batch
or papers from tbe Board of Councilmen. A message was
received from Mayor Gunlber vetoing a grant Tor tbe
?rertion or ? stand lo Pe<k slip. Tbe Mayor says that In
bis Judgment tbe erection of sucb stands In ibe slips In
tbe lower part of the city create* great inc<mveoien< e to
the public, and should be discontinued. A resolution in
creasing the salaries of all tho employes of the city gov.
?mined twenty five per cent, said Increase lo continue
tn loroe until the resumption of specie payment, was of
fered by Alderman Ryers and adopted. Tbe usual
charitable donations were paf-et, and a large amount of
ordinary routine business disposed of, after which tbe
Hoard adjnnrned until tour o'clock this afternoon.
Tbe Board ot Councilmen met yesterday, and adopted
a resolution presented by Mr. Jsquee, calling upon the
Committee on i*w to Inquire who are tbe proprietors of
ibe line oT stages berelotoro running through Ninth ?ve
nue and Fourteenth ?treet, and report the cause of Ihelr
discontinuance, which baa been tbe source ot great Incon
venience to a number ot citizens. Tbe Comptroller sent
In bts ?' nthly report of the oondltloo of the Treasury,
from which it appeared that on the 8<>tb of November
tl,(ve was io bank tho sum o! $fl.D3fl.6fc3. The payments
since that were $3.T2T.m, living a balance on tbe lOtfe
Instant of |3,212,1H4. Tbe ordinance for tbe belter regu
lation of ihe Fire Department waa called up and read,
and, after some discussion, tbe paper was laid ovor till
this (Tuesday) afternoon, when the B *ard will, meet at
four o'c ock and take action upon it.
Tbe work of revising tbe lilts of persons enrolled as
llibie to military duty In this city Is now being pro
cecded with ?? rapidly as pos*lble, under tbe superln
to ,dance of AssUtant Provost Marshal Central Fry and
the Supervisors'Volunteering Committee. One hundred
and thirty three thousand names were placed on the lists
In tbe list enrolment by tbe provost marshals, but by
the revision now going on it Is expected that the number
vlli be vastly reducod. Over three hundred clerks are
en/sged In recopying tbe names and attending to other
necestsry duties cotitiectcd with the work. Meantime
volunteering for me service Is very brisk. Supervisor
Blunt Is still piying. at the rooms of the Supervisors'
Volunteering Committee, corner of Chambers ftreet and
Brosd * s;, in the City Hall Fark* t'h? follow mg bounties
to ro*B auJlatiDg lo either the army or ibe navy ?Io re
cru is for three years, $.TOO, to recruits tor two years,
|;<0. to lubtlltuUs for tfcrse years, |?00; to substitutes
lor two years. ?I00. Twenty dollars hand nmnsy la paid
to *uy per>oo bringing a rocruil, aud fifty dollars to any
person bringing a substitute.
Another meeting or eur I'ading merchants and cltl
sens was held yesterday al the odlee of tbe Collector of
tbs uo't far Uia purpose uf taaktng proparatloni W g'T?
Admiral Karragut a titling reception oa bit anticipated
early arrival In tbe city. It was unanimously resolved
thai a committee of twenty be appointed to raiie a sum
dent turn to preaeat the Admiral with a handsome lesli
monlal. and tbat another committee be appointed to re
ceive him cd boUalf of the merchants of Nef York and
loiorm bim or tbelr action. It waa agreed that If the
Hartford, Admiral Farragul'a flagship, did not arrive
here during last night, tbli latter oommitteo would pro
ceed down the bay ibis morning to meet ber, on board
the revenue cutter Bronx.
A number of the merchant* and prominent men of this
city, desirous of manifesting their reapeol for tbo Hon.
Reuben K. I eutoii,Governor elect of this State,addressed
bim a note a few weeks aincc, requesting bii attendance
at a dinner to be given in bin honor. To this Mr Kenton
bas replied, thanking them for this maciesiallon or tbelr
regard, but stating tbat the urgency 01 bis public dutiei
will not i*rmlt hl.n to meat them at proaent in the man
ner contemplated.
The annual election of officers of the New York Fire
Departmeot was held last night, and resulted as follows ?
President, Jobn R. Halt; Vice President, Sylvanus J.
Macy; Secretary, Samuel Oonover; Treasurer, Johns.
Giloa; lruslees, James Y. Walklos, Wilson Small and Ed.
Hincbman.
A mass meeting of Invalid soldiers was held at No.
113 Bowery on Sunday for the purpose of taking such
action as might be necessary for a speedy soillemttii of
tbelr claims to tbe bounty awarded tbem by Congress
April 26,1804. A commute?, consisting ot A. Liberty,
M T. Sailer end G. J. Rokus, was appointed to draw up a
petition and bring tbe matter to the notion of the p-oper
authorities at Washington. Tbe petition will remain at
the committee room for a week, so tbat those wishing to
I nttaob tbelr signatures can do so free of expense.
The Msnitor Dictator proceeded down tho bay yester
day on a trial trip She returned to ber anchorage off
Bedloe's I* and In tbe evening.
In the case of Baldwin & Jaycox ??. the Mayor, where
the plaintiffs claimed to be tbe lowest bidders on the new
reservoir contract, and were awarded $79,000 datnage9
by a refere?, under tbe act of 1800, Judge Clerke yoster
d iy rondered an opinion vacating tho entire proceedings,
on tho ground tost tbe act was unconstitutional. Tbe
Judgment whioh the plaiuliflfe obtained against thecliy
is theroforo null and void,and all proceedings under it,
togotber with the order of reference, are set a.-id".
It was decided v^terday by Judge Cardoso, in tho c :,A
of Jobn Kerr and others vs. the New York Ooniiotirtated
Stage Company, tbat tbe directors had no r.ltit v<
make the assignment to Augustus Rcbell without b iv iv
first obtained the cousent of a majority of lbs Rt^c ..
holders to the transaction.
An order of arrest was issued against James M. Par
rlngton, of tbe Bahama Islands, yesterday, by Judge
Barnard, requiring him to give security in tho sura of
$14,000 to await the result of two suits commenced
agaiost bim by tbe Union and Sun Mutual Insurance cum
panies, or this city, for the alleged wrongful conveyance
of the cargo of tbe brig Charles, on tbe occasion or tbe
wreck or tbat vessel oil Long Cay, Id the month or Octo
ber last. Tbe counsel (or the defendant tawed to have
tbe order vacated, when an argument ensued, wblch
occupied tbe alteution of tbe court during the entire
afternoon. The Judge took the papers and roaerved bis
decision.
The trial or the great Lawrence will case still "drags
its slow length along" in the Surrogato'a Court. Yester
day waa llM twenty-euutti dar of ita being before Uta
I Sur rogato, and tbe seventb day of tbe examination of the
I witness, Mrs. Sickles, sister or the lady who Is claimed to
have been Mr. A. R. Lawriiica'a wife. The probable
time <>f tbe ending of tbe trial ia beyond the power of
mortil foresight to determine, sinoa tbera ara eight or
too lawyers employed in (be case.
In the Court of General sessions yesterday, before Re
corder Hoffman, Lavlnla Murray, indicted for stealing
fifty dollars from James Henry, a resident of the State of
Pennsylvania, on the 26th of November, pleaded guilty
to an attempt at grand larceny, and waa sent to the Peni
tentiary fcr one year. Lawrence Cuhill was convicted of
stealing flity five dollars from Patrick Tornay, at No. 320
1 earl street, on tbe 29th or August. It waa shown that
the prisoner's previous character was excellent, and
that at the time tbe money was taken be was Intoxi
cated Tbe Reorder Imposed tbe lowest sentence that
c 'Uld be p-tssed. which was two veers tn tba State Prison,
remarking that bo would communicate with tbe Gover
nor so hare the sentence commuted. Jobn Brad/
and Jobn Doyle were convicted of petty larceny, la
stealing some money from the drawer of Patrick
Kearnan'a liquor store, corner of Hoirard and Crosby
streets, on tbe iiOtlio October. Tboy wcro sent la tbe
Penitentiary icr six months and each fined $100 Jobn
Tom&on, alias Ferdinand K II. i:>dictod lor tho homicide
or joho Abcrn, plead guilty to manslaughter in the tbird
degree. Tbo prisoner, wbo was a Sweedlsh sailor,
became very much intoxicated on the 2d of November,
and while at the corner o( Cnambers and Cberry streets
got into a quarrel with somo ra m, and In tbe affray
stabbed Ahern, inQlcting wounds which shortly proved
fatal He was sent to the State Pris m for throe years.
Tbat liibt sentence was imioaed in consequence or evi
dence ot li s previous good character havieg been fur
nished by the Swedish Consul Augustus Bowman, in
dieted ior a feleoious assault upon Tbos Dorancy, by
slabbing bim lo the neck with a knife on the 17th of
September, at 22 Catbsrlne slip, was convicted of an
asaaurf with intent to do bodily harm Be was ro
rounded for sentence. Sidney Boyktn, a resectable
looking youth or nineteen, asid lo havo romo irom
Alabama three months aio, was tried and convicted oi an
aasauli with intern to kill Charles Miller, ia a drinking
saloon at tbe corner of laurens and Broome streets, on
the 3d of (October. It sppears that they were drinking,
and Miller hit Boy kin In Ibe face, whereupon be went out
into tbe yard, returned In Ova minutes and deliberately
fired a pistol at Miller, putting out his aye. The Krc-rder
sentenced him to tbe Sistr Pen-on lor tbrre years and sic
months, observing that if be bed It In his power b?
would sei.a ail the young men in the city wbo frequent
hoists of prostitution tnd drinking saloons with re
volvers in tbelr p< ckrls to prison alto. Maria Ryau and
Ann Kel y were c barged with causing the death of Catha
rine Collins, who received a latal injury by tailing down
tba stairs oi 23T West Seventeenth street There was no
reliable evidence Implicating the accused,and tbey were
discharged. After tbe conclusion of this ca e the f'-ourt
adjourned, having sat till a late bou( in ordsr to fluieb
the calendar.
An Inquest was beid yesterday at tbe Hla< kwtfl'i Island
Hospital on the body of a boy seventoen years of age,
name Laoa, who bad been serving out a sentence for
burglary in tbe I'enltentisry, but wbo one dsy laat week
escaped from the Island by swimming, and, after reach
ing Kavenswood, on ibe opposite side of Ibe Kaal river,
died from exhaustion and ex|>oeiire.
A young man twenty five years of age, giving bis nama
as Thorns* Roberts, wss yesterday arrr-ud, afler being
chased several blocks, on tbe charge of assaulting an
aged man in I ranktort street, about one o'clock In the
alter noon, and ''garottlag" and robbing bim. Roberta
waa locked up to answer tbe complaint
Patrick Malone waa yeaterday committed for examina
tion, charged with belog oee of a gang ol seven or right
tneo wbo on Sunday nlgnt assaulted Mr. Kdward Wetbe
rill, of 44 Pike street, In Monroe, near Msrket street, and
rebbed bim or bla watch.
At a meeting of the Brooklyn Board of Aldermen, bald
last night, the Railroad Committee, to whom the mailer
was referred, re;>orted unanimously against an Increase
of faro on the different city roads, as peililoned for by
tbe companies
The Baitenkill knitting factory, si In ion village,
Washington county, N.Y., was destroyed by fire on
Thursday afternoon laat Loas $30,000, insured for
$2.">, 000
Karly on last Sun lay morning an eiplnalon occurred
on board the new steamer M <fla, at Carondelet, on the
Mississippi rit er. a x miles l.alow St. l outs. There were
on bo ird at tbe time, besides the freight, a number of
soldiers, one hundred and eighty horses and many mules.
It is rop?rted that twenty dve men were killed and
thirty wounded. Allthebnrsea and mules were either
killed by tbe explasloa or drowced. The steamer wh
cut looaa and grounded on the bar, where she wss
ent rely consumed by fire. She wa? vsiurd at forty
thousand dollar!. V, hotber II waa tbe b dler or the boat
that exploded or some atiitnuoitloo on board is an undo
cided question.
The stock market was dull yeslerdsy. (.old waa on
the whole bia-y.and closed al Oovsrnmenn
were strong at su advance
Ibe genua, aspect of commercial airairs waa at>oat tba
| saroa yesterday as on Saturday, but In some articles
I there wss more doing, and there was a considerable
speculative feeling. This wss parttcnlarly the case with
petroleum, which advanced Ic. a , with a large sprcu
latlve trade nl the advance, foreign mer< bandim was
generally quiel, but firm On ?' 'Change" the Pour mar
ket waa dull andftc.a 10^. lower In some daei riplions.
V. beat was al 'o le a 2 . lower, with a llmitod demand.
Corn dull, while oats were flrmer and quite active. Pork
was firmer, but not very actlva. Boef heavy, while lard
was lawer, with a moderate demand. Wb.skay quiet,
but without JiN-ided change, while freight* wcr? jtfi. !
IhirMia'i BoTemiata-.Mli Bucmu m
It bow a by (to* Aibcl I*?p?rs.
General Sherman is beyond doubt well
established 01 the aeacoost at the present time,
in communication with the ships of the United
States Nat/, and in all probability in posses
sion of the city of Savanuah. Ten days ago be
was within eighty mile* of that city and march -
in; towards it, and the shrie ks of the Richmond
papers that Savannah wan perfectly safo, and
that Sherman would be in a most critical posi
tion if he attempted to take it, furnish the best
possible assurance that uo adequate provisiou
had been made for its defence, and that it was
completely at his mercy. Sherman's movement
has been one continual success. lie has
marched an army straight across the whole
territory of a people arrayed in arms against
tae government, and has met with no resist
ance. lie has taken cities and towna at pleas
ure, and burned them where it was deemed
expedient. He has lived on the country and
devastated it where the conduct of the people
oompelled him to. lie has so deoidedly dividod
ona extremity of the confederacy from the
other, iu respect to railroad connections, that
the least the Southern papers claim is that
tln>y can restore the connections in forty days.
If the life of an army or the success of its ope
rations depends on such a connection, forty
days is as good as eternity. And now at
the last Sherman has at an important
point on the Southern seaco&st, a veteran
army of fifty thousand men, completely
equipped, fresh, and flushed with the pleasant
excitement of an excursion through a fertile
country. He has lost men only to the extent
of a few hundred, and thus holds his original
number. His army is fresh, for it Um ouly
.".laroiieJ eight miles por day{ and it ii well
i dipplbil, ror the rations it Btarted with are uot
1 y H exhausted by tvronty days.
A-l U)!9 iuqs* satisfactory knowledge of Shor
tin a'? success has come to us entirely through
the rebel papers, although those papers have
constantly ondeavored to represent the move
ment as a grand failure. As thoy have, however,
lrotn day to day, made their heavy literary on
slaughts against "Mr. Sherman," and have told
us bow great his failure was, the casual ad
missions that they have unintentionally and
most inconsistently made have told us all that
wo could desire of General Sherman's success.
Sherman's movement, says one Richmond
paper, is a failure, and he has not cut the con
federacy in two, but has merely marched
across it. In another paragraph the same
paper teUg ^ Jliat it_ will take till Felj^arj
10 restore otriy bae of ^fc-fSMroaus tbatfsher
man has cut In one of these paragraphs
It utters Southern bombast for North
ern oars j in the other it gives vent
to a groan of misery,at the thought of
what Sherman has done. The Richmond Dis
patch of the 6th inst. tells us that Sherman is
moving "veryslowly,"and is" becoming timid
in bis movement or exhausted in his power to
advance." In the same issue it declares that
he is 44 at last moving towards the Atlantic coast
in earnest." All the Southern citizens turn out
patriotically to overwhelm the Yankees; but
guards are sent to bunt these patriots at their
homes. All officials alike do their utmost in
the public service; but Governor Drown, when
transportation is scarce, uses a train of cars for
hfs personal accommodation, and even to carry
away his private cabbages. No public property
has fallen into Sherman*8 hands; but at Milled.'e
ville be destroyed three thousand stand of
arms, and all the powder owned by the State
of Georgia. Sherman's movement is of no con
sequenoe, and is merely worthy ef laughter,
and in the next breath it becomcs "vitally
interesting-' and " a great humiliation to the
confederacy." So the Southern papers have
made themselves ridiculous for twenty days.
We have been very much amused at tbe
manner in which General Wheeler bag, with
the assistance of tbe rebel papers, used up
General Kilpatrick. Wheeler Las thrashed
Kilpatrick three times every day, and then has
"fallen back" every night. He bas wounded
Kilpatrick, killed Kilpatrick, destroyed all of
Kilpatrick * cavalry; and all bo has to show
for it is K Ipatrick's hat, or a hat that be Bays
was Ktlpatrick's. It is not less funny to note
bow Shermtu has boen used up. Dreadful
hints of "a lion in the path" have been given
every day, end we might expect that the lion
uad clavrs; yet, dospite the lion and his claws,
the Southern papers do not evou claim that
there lias boen a battle. Sherman, however,
has had groat losses, has been in great distress,
did not know where to go to, and finally is
"drifting" towards Savannah with the "dis
pirited remnant" of his urmy. Savannah will
find it a heavy drift. All these dreadful inflic
tions on Sherman and Wheeler's victories are
the collisions of that General and the other
Southern forces with Sherman's foragers.
Neither Wheeler nor any other Southern sol
dier has been within twenty miles of Sherman's
main force since be loft Atlanta. But Wheeler
hovers around to catoh two or three foragers;
they run, and he announces a victory over
Kilpatrick. If any one kills one infantry-man
and captures another, word is sent to Rich
mond that Sherman cannot possibly reach the
seacoast. And that it the sum of all tbe dis
asters to Sherman.
Disappointment or tiik Forkion Correspond
ents.?It is very interesting to note the manner
in which the correspondents for foreign jour
nals speak of our late election. They confi
dently cxpocted a scene of riot, bloodshed,
arson and military interposition, and they were
wofully disappointed at finding everything go
off so quietly. The correspondent of tho Lon
don Times dates his letter from this city just
after sundown on election day. He evidently
watched all day for the tocsin of wnr; but
when the sun went down upon a peaceful ci'y
he set about announcing the fact that the ureal
national contest was finished In the midst of a
country torn with civil war, and yet not a blow
was struck nor an angry word spoken. We
can fancy the chagrin with which he wrote the
sentences. Mr. Goldwin Smith, too, who
writes for (be London AVir.t, and who remained
all day in the vicinity of the Hoffman House -
the military headquarters at that tuno- expect
ing every moment to see orderlies aud couriers
riding about, conveying orders from this and
tliat point of tbe battle ground, was amazed to
find no soldiers in the streets, no turbulent
civilians, no indications of anything particular
going on. Broadway wns as gay and festive as
e\er. No deploying of infantry columns, no
charging of cavalry disturbed tbe even tenor
of the promenader's way; and so Professor
Goldwin Smith pronounces it "a sublime spec
tacle." Ho "looked in vaia for evidence of the
tyranny of the majority. He could scarcely
conceive a nation in tbe midst of a great politi
cal fftrticgU more tomuorate. orderly or
respectful of eaoh other's rights." Just so: it
wu indeed a sublime scene, such as no country
in Burope could present under like circum
stances, notwithstanding their repeated sneers
at American civilisation.
Tb? New Uptrs Hoai?-ItlPri>?ptcU uail
New York, the metropolis of America, now
has as many regular, legitimate places of
amusement as Paris, the metropolis of France.
Like Paris, it has its first ciass and second
class theatres and its variety of minor enter
tainments. But Paris is far ahead of New
York in regard to Opera, la Paris there are
three opera houses?the Academy of Music, tbe
Italian Opera, and the Opera Comiquo. The
Academy is devoted to tbe production of grand
operas in magnificent style. The Italian Opera
is not of so very much account Tie Opera
Comique, where only the lightest, most grace
ful and most pleasing works are > performed, is
by far tbe most popular of all. In this city we
have only the Academy of Musio where
people go to tbe A<^5*tny rather to exhibit
themselves and dresses than to hear the
musio. ? It foU^>W8 ib?t there is a splendid op
portunity >>ow open to establish in this city an
Opera Comique, where tbe music shall be as
agreeable to the ear as the toilettes are to the
C^e; and a company of gentlemen has been
organized to inaugurate such an entertain
ment, to be managed by impressario Grau.
Wo have boon fully informed of the plans
of the geuticmen interested in this enterprise,
and aro now at liberty to place them before
tbe public. The new opera house will bo
much smaller than tbe Academy of Music, and
will bo more conveniently arranged. The
vas'ness of the Academy is an objection fre
quently urged against it both by the singers
aud the public. It may not be too hirgo for
the lengthy, spectacular operas; but it cer
tainly is a great deal too extensive for tbe
Bhort, crisp, sparkling and melodious works
which properly belong to the Opera Comique.
Tbe new opera houso will be erected further
up town thau the Academy, and will thus be
more easily acccssib'e to our fashionables,
few of whom reside so far down as Fourteenth
street. This will be no slight advantage. The
new opera house will not be afflicted with a
set of numerous stockholders, who reserve the
best seats and deprive the manager of* the
entrance fee, which they are well able to pay,
aud the public of tbe most preferable chairs
and boxes, which are soldom occupied. Tbe
6pef& bouse will have a parquet for gen
Itlemen, and the rest of tbo auditorium will be
divided into small boxes for parties. All the
conveniences or toe ransian meatres will be
introduced. It is expected that the manager
of the French theatre will take the house for
the off-nights of the opera; and, as Niblo's
saloon really affordi no sort of accommo
dations for Manager Juignet's excellent com
pany. he will doubtless bo delighted to find
himself thus comfortably and fashionably lo
cated. If these arrangements can be effected
we Bhall bo provided with a constant series of
the most pleasing aimisoments. Light operas,
in French and Italian, on three nights of the
week, and delicious comedies and vaudevilles,
in French, on tbo remaining three nights, will
give us a succession of attractions. The ques
tion will then be, not when to go to tbe opera
house, but when to stay at homo.
That such an enterprise will be exceedingly
popular and oxccssively profitable it is Impos
sible to deny. The class of entertainments
promised is much more in accordance with the
tastes of the American people than the long
and scientific performances at the Aoademy.
Wo presume that the Fourteenth street edifice
will bo retained for Italian Opera, and we
should not be surprised if New York, which
now supports as many places of amusement as
Paris, should prove capable of sustaining two
kinds of opera. That is a matter to be decided
by the future, however, and we shall be glad
to see it put to the test. At present we have
only Iiobson's choice. We must go to hear the
Academy opera, or none at all. That the
public will go to the Opera in vast numbers
the remunerat ve experience of the past three
or four seasons amply demonstrates; and it is
a reasonable inference that they would attend
in still larger uuinbers if tbey were invited by
a continuous supply of popular novelties.
Those who rush to La Figlia del llegjime-.Uo
would be much moro likely to rush to Lz
Dam'' Blanche, or Lc Domino S'oir, or L<ira, or
Fra Diavolo. Kven the BohtJuiiai.s of Belmont
and Barlow's organ?who have become more
critical since our exposuro of their crusade
against Mrs. V an Zandt?condemn La Fijlia
del liejgimento as "not by any means
a popular opera." ?' Besides which," add
the Bohemians?who caonot have received
their fees last week, they are so honest?"be
s des which, it has been dono to death in years
past, as any tolerably efficient pair of ears can
testify.' The Bohemians have tolerably long
and efficient ears, and we accept their testi
mony, inasmuch as it agrees precisely with tbe
opinion expressed by us last Tuesday. Now. if
the public will attend tho performance of an
opera "not popular" and "don# to death," it is
quite certain that they will still more liberally
patronize works which are very popular and
not done to death, especially If these works be
of the gayost, brightest and most taking style,
like those at the Paris Opera Comique, from
whonce come almost all tbe operatic airs which
catch the ears and the whistles of young New
\ ork. The success of the new opera house
may consequently bo guaranteed in advance.
If, as we understand, the management is to be
entrusted to impressario Grau, its success will
be nil the moro sure; for Grau knows precisely
what our people want, and tho public have not
yet forgotten that he gave us opera at a time
wl en no other manager dared venture upon the
undertaking. We hope to see the new opera
house soon built and dedicated to the muses.
Fohvky kor rur Cabi.vkt.?Soma humbugging
friends of the Chevalier Forney have been try
ing the blarney of naming him as a proper man
lor the Cabinet, and they seem to think that he
is just the stick of timber wanted in tbe place
of Old Mr. Welles. We think this means that
Welles is to walk the plank before long, and
such perhaps is the meaning of Old Abe's
compliments In his annual Message, of which
Welles, for b:s masterly report, wan the reeipi
ent. The neatest thing ever said by Old
Abe of the late Postmaster General Blair
was suld In that letter which announced to him
that his "time hud come." We guess that Old
Abe has bad onou^h of tbe Blalrs, and as
Welles lias been tboir good man Friday In dis
pensing the spoils, he may have to go in order
to get rid of the family. But Forney is not the
mau to take his place. We want a gun of1
JUaaagcineat.
heavier calibre and longer range for the Nay/
Department, and Admiral Farragut is the man.
Forney's vocation Hps in the party newspaper
business Qr in managing a secret service party
electioneering fund, as ex-President Buchanan
can testify; or in gathering up the odds and
ends and marrow bones of the lobby and
kitchen, so that nothing may be lost. Let the
shoemaker stick to his last, and let I? orney
stick to his vocation. Old Abe, we guess,
will not catch the joke of the qualifications of
Forney for a place in the Cabiuet. We guess
that be knows the length and breadth ol
Forney.
Tub Turks Prbtbnoks o? thb Rkbblb.?
When the rebellion broke out the Souther*
leaders proclaimed they were fighting for the
institution of slavery. This was their chiel
oorner stone, and on this was their national
edifice to be erected. This avowal did them
no good abroad and another policy was pro*
claimed. It was then independence for which
they were contending. This they averred they
had a natural right to prefer and maintain at
all hazards. This pretence?for it was nothing
more?gave their foreign friends the opportu
nity of fresh exertions in their behalf, although it
was a notorious fact that the Southern Statee
always were as Independent as the North; and
a change of their relations with it did not and
could not make them freer than they were
already under institutions of their own forma
tion, their own choice, and for a great part of
the time under their own direotion. Now, M
the horizon grows darker, as their prospects
grow dimmer, as the storm begins to howl
around them, as their mischievous leaguo itf
dissolving and their rope of sand begins to fall
in pieoes, they are playing the last card: the
recognition of the absolute sovereignty of th?
Slates. It they can gain this point from the
united loyal States their pride will be soothed
and they may listen to terms. But will ths
Western and Northwestern States agree t?
this? Will Kansas, Iowa, Wisconsin, Illinois,
Minnesota, Michigan?SUtes erected out of
Territories, many of them from Indian iandj,
purcWased from the savages, that wete. never
colonies, never pretended t<i have inherent
rights o^ sovereignty, 8,jd uev$r exercised any?
will those permit any Southern Slate to
powerjj bftjofld their own? S tall they retal*
tb? right of opposing, vetoing, ?reunifying the
acts of the general government whenever they
please, to the injury of those other Slates which
fcave never olaiined such prerogatives? Thq
idea is absurd and inadmissible.
All these three claims are without any foun
dation, nothing but ditches due trow time to
time to make real^i?* ?
present some appearance ot having a priuoiple
at stake, when they have none. But the me?
who were loudest in defence of them are rapidly
disappearing from the field of action. The
losses of the rebels havo been as remarkable
as their audacity. Few of the men prominent
in bringing on this war are left alive. Smaller
lights now dimly illuminate the scone. Th?
larger are extinguished, snuffed odt and for*
gotten. But two men of any real power re
main to protraot the rebellion?Davis and
Lee?and it is easy to see ttiat they are flicker
ing in its socket. This demand for a recog
nition of the sovereignty of the States Is the
last card in tbo soiled pack.
Old Abb's Rbblbotion?-Enuland ami
France Satisi'ibd.?Toe apparent satisfaction
witt) which the news of President Liocoln's re
election has been received among all parties in
England and Franco is somewhat remarkable.
Tho London Tim's and othbr English rebel
sympathizing journal's think it will be a good
thing for the "Southern confederacy," and
surely is a good thing so far as the Interests el
England are concerned. The liberal English
journals, on the other band, exultingly hail the
success of Mr. Lincoln as equivalent to the
downfall of Davis and bis confederacy, and the
removal of its corner stono of Airican slavery.
The imperial organs of Frauce are disposed te
be exceedingly amiable over the result. Ao
cordingly, lo a broad American view of this
subject, if the friends of the Union and the
adherents of the rebellion in England, and
Lord Palmerston and Louis Napoleon, are all
disposed to congratulations over Mr. Lincoln'*
?reappointment for another term," we think
that, without distinction of party, the citizens of
the loyal States may resign themselves to s
cheerful acquiescence in the will of the people.
It is not often that we have a Presidential elec
tion which satisfies our friend* and euemies
abroad. Old Abe is a wonderful man.
Starvation in Lick's armt.?Attempts have
been frequently made to deny the miserable
condition to which the rebel army is reduced;
but we think the evidence of the deserters, both
officers and privates, who arrived at Washing
ton from Lee's army the other day, settles that
matter. They give a deplorable account of
their privations. Indeed, their appearance Tar
nished proof enough of tho truth of their lan
guage. They say that for six months past they
had nothing to cat but a one meal ration e(
corn cake and bacon a day; that our soldiers
waste as much provisions in a day as the rebel
soldiers receive in a week. The poor fellows
shouted with delight when they saw the Capitol
and anticipated the good things that lie in its
shadow?we do not mean the Congressmen,
but the contents of the commissary stores is
the neighborhood.
IlANrocx'd Ccri-3.?A regiment or more could
be easily furnished in this city if the men of
wealth would but imitate the example already
set them by a number of patriotic citizens,
viz:?each to furnish one man. There are more
than ten thousand persons in this city, not in
cluding those who have grown rich by the war,
who could well afford to send one representat
ive to tho front. Will they do it?
Wuo Auk Thkt??It appears tbnt Bome very
important papers were found on board the
Florida when she was captured in Bshia buy,
likely to implicate foreign officials of high rank
in affording active aid to the rebels. I he fact
was known in England and created some stir
there. The documonts, we believe, are now in
tho hands of our government, and perhnps
these delinquent officials who had a fi .ger in
this pie may have their evil deeds exposed be
fore long. -
Tub 1IcClbli.au, sswf*D Frm?The World
is still harping in regard to the contributions
remaining iu our hands belonging to the
McClellan sword fund. It has now figured up
the balance on band to seven hundred and
twelve dollars and ten cents. Well, wo will
cheerfully dispense the sum narnol for any
charitable purpose selected by General Mc
Clellan, even to helping tho famishing Bohe
mians of tho World to a decent msal and
coiniortablo winter ciothiiur.